\\pagebreak\\\\
        The day of apocalypse come without any warning.

It was a clear day and the rainy season just have passed. Outside, the sun is located high above our head to show the time.

Hiiro Takumi is watching the TV inside the room. Twenty four years old yet he spend his time in the afternoon lazily in his room. His work in retail industry gives him irregular days off. Because of that he always sleep until noon in the days off. He does not have special plan because of the inconsistent off days, only by playing games or watching the TV he go trough it to relieve the fatigue.

However, something unusual happened before noon.

The sirens of emergency has been heard many times in the last hour. That sound is really loud because the purpouse is to make sure everyone heard it. It really ruined Takumi days off. He originally planned to sleep until noon but now the plan in disturbed. He wake up and look outside the window. From the fifth floor of a building in front of his apartement, a black smoke is raising.

“Hey.. Is there a fire accident?”

Judging from the siren sound, it must have occured just recently. Having lost interest after finding out the source of the siren, he turned on the TV.

The TV announcer doesn’t seemed to have a news about the fire. He then keep changing the station.

“Boring..”

His precious holiday is just like his usual holiday. Doing nothing and spend time not productively, he lost in his thoughts and realized that after today have passed he have to return to work again tommorrow. How can he get himself trapped in this devil cycle? How many years will he have to work like this?

Just when he’s thinking a special report is shown on the TV. He listened to the words that comes out from the news anchor.

“Special report there have been report of assailant incident that occured in Shibuya, Tokyo. We also have a source indicating that similar incident is happening in various part of Japan!”

Takumi look at the screen. The news anchor facial expression is excited after someone passsed a paper to him. Anyone could know that something is happening.

“Right now an information just came in. The suspect of the incident has been pursued by the police. The man is around fourty years old and according to the witness testimony, the man have blood running from his mouth. When the witness saw him, he fled from the scene leaving his victim. The victim has been carried by the ambulance and the condition is still in danger. The victim is bleeding hard and the cause is from a bite near the neck. Our reporter currently is pursuing the suspect with the police.”

The scene then changes to a live report, and a sound of gunshot can be heard. A woman scream also can be heard in the background. We can now see the reporter talking.

“The police has open fire. Right now three, no, four times the gun has been fired. Just looking at it, the situation is really tense.”

The reporter still reporting the scene with excitement while a shadow appeared in the screen. It is a figure of a police officer, wearing the light blue shirt and the hat. The screen is zoomed in and he is now at the center of the screen.

“What?”

The voice could be coming from the news anchor or the reporter. It was because the figure of the police was strange. His right hand only have a thumb and index finger. He stretches it outfront as if asking for help. From the place where his other finger should be, blood is flowing and gushing out. We could even see his white bone.

If it was only that then it will still be acceptable, but there is another injury. From the neck, blood flows leaving red stain in his uniform. On his belly, there is a big wound as if his stomach has been gouged out. That wound is too large as if he already lost half of his body.

The reporter is trembling but still trying to do his job.

“As you can see, the police officer that pursuing the suspect is injured.. Someone, call the ambulance!”

The police head then bend backwards in an impossible angle. After that he started to run towards the reporter.

Bzzzz… The live feed lost it’s signal and the screen switched to the studio.

We can see the news anchor trying to clear his throat several times before talking.

“Well, we’re sorry. We apologize to you because the video signal have some problems. We will return to you as soon as possible.”

While watching the situation, Takumi felt strange. The police officer injury is serious. It could eveb caused an instant death. You don’t have to be a doctor to know about that. However he still alive and that last scene, he was running.

The ANA station screen changed again to the scene earlier. The angle seemed to be taken from the ground as if no one is holding it. There is also some bloodstain on the lens. A figure of a man covered in blood is projected. Woman scream also can be heard even louder. The man walks forward with a missing limbs.

Beeeep.. The screen changed again and showing a cartoon figure of a man bowing down and have a bubble text on top of his head. “Please stay with us.” something that occured if there’s a problem with the recording.

Takumi thinking hard while looking at the scene. He switched to TV Tokyo from ANA but they aired travel program normally. He tried to find another channel and some has switched to “Please stay with us.” sign.

Takumi know something is not right. He took a backpack and put in some daily neccesities. Take some clothes and look in his wallet. After comfirming that there is three ten thousands bill, he head out to a convenience store in a hurry.

“Dangerous!”

Only drunk or mad people not knowing something bad is happening. He know he need to do something.

“In case of emergency, I need to secure water and food first. That’s my highest priority.”

Incase of an earthquake that is common in Japan, some household have a stock of supplies in case of emergency. But, they also have expiration date and people not sure when is the last time they checked it. For people that watched the TV, they will also think of the same idea and try to secure food and water.

The nearest cinvenience store is right in front of Takumi’s apartment. He never thought of it before but it’s handy. He never think of hiw convenience a convenience store is until today.

It’s still noon in the weekdays, only a little constumer are in there. For what is happening now, the clerk seemed to not noticed.

Takumi take five bottles of purified water. He want to take as much as possible but he realized the shortcoming in money. He look at breads and rice balls and choose the longest expiration date available. Bento box, snacks, he grab things quickly until it fill two basket.

On the last note before checking out, he grab another five bottles of water. He comes out with backpack full and now two heavy shopping bags. He carried it unsteadily to his room. He realized that he forgot to buy battery and emergency lamp. He even wanted to buy gas for cooking and tent. He knows that to get those things he need to go to a bigger store.

He decided just to get some battery from the convenience store. Just when he goes out from his room, a dull sound is heard and screams all over the place.

He look down from his apartment hallway and saw a black sedan involved in an accident. The man inside shout.

“it’s because that person jumped suddenly!”

Takumi heard the driver saying call the ambulance. It will be fortunate if the victim isn’t heavily injured.

“Should I go to the convenience store?”

Takumi’s eye is still tied to the body of the victim. He can go while ignore the incident but, the man stand up from the blood pool. His hand and leg is bending in a wierd way and walking awkwardly.

Just when people that started to gather around the scene recover from their shock from seeing the man stand up, a van driving really fast and hit a shop nearby. It run over some bypasser in the process. From the driver seat, a woman covered in blood comes out. The crowd are in panic and some tried to call the ambulance. The man from earlier approaches his hitter and a loud scream can be heard.

Takumi forget about going to the convenience store. Watching the scene infront of him, just less than three minutes the road has been dyed red. He can see other people coming and walk unsteadily. People screaming help, more people comes and involved in the strange phenomenon.

“What is this..?”

Takumi stood still.

That doesn’t stop there. The sound of glass broken, sound of something is breaking, scream, cursing, cry, laughter, siren, comes from everywhere.

Can’t withstand the reality, Takumi leg lose it’s strength. Just when he’s about to fall, someone is supporting him.

It’s Yumi Takahashi who lives next door.

She is a college student that start to live there for one year. He remember she gives a greeting when she first moved in but after that there’s no interaction for a whole year. Her long hair is beautifully coloured in natural black. She looked as a refined young lady. But the things that could never be missed is her large chest which is on par with gravure idol. When seeing her, you will not miss that features of her. Even if she’s dressed in casual clothing, you still can’t stop staring at her chest.

Takumi looked at her. Her smooth and white skin is dazzling because of the light. More importantly, she is naked. Her body is wet as if she just finished taking a shower.

“Ah.. Ah..”

Takumi can only muttered those sound seeing the treat in front of him. He examied her body closely and…

There’s a large amount of blood on her stomach. The door to her room is broken caused by a strong force. Her eyes.. It’s glowing and turned red.

“I have to run away.”

But Yumi hand which is supporting his body is gripping him harder. With an extraordinary strength that couldn’t come from her fragile body.

“AAAAAHHH…. Let me go!”

Takumi scream at the sight of Yumi opening her mouth.

Takumi eyes sending out stream of tears. His shoulder is bitten and the pain he can’t withstand fill his mind.

With a shoulder that has been torn, Takumi consciousness went down as if falling into the darkness..

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi slowly opened his eyes.

He recalls his memory. He jumped when he remember the situation before he lose his consciousness.

He remember bitten by Yumi. The pain of having his meat torn away is still lingering.

“I can’t move my body!”

He tried to get up but the whole body feels heavy. As if his body is pinned down by heavy metal.

“Is this even real?”

After comfirming his situation, he realized he just encountered something that look like coming from a cheap zombie movie.

The walking police officer, the man who was run over by a car stand up and walks. Of course they should be dead with those serious injury but somehow they are stikk moving.

He recall the zombie man start to attack others just like in zombie movies and games.

He know what has hit the mankind is the zombie apocalypse.

“I know if someone was attacked by the zombie they will become one of them. And the one that also got attacked, is me?”

“But I still have my consciousness. I didn’t lose my mind like brainless man eating zombie.”

“No, what was I thinking. The zombie incident is real and I was infected but the symptoms will appear later on.”

He knows from playing zombie games and watched movies, some people may get infected by the zombie virus later on not immediatelly based on their immune system.

“More importantly, how long have I been fainted?”

He can’t move his body to see the clock but from the brightness of the sun it must still be in the afternoon. He may only passed out for a few minutes.

“Wait.. Is that Yumi?”

Seeing the culprit that just bitten him, Takumi tried to move his body but he couldn’t.

Seeing Yumi come nearer, he is on alert. Who won’t when seeing someone that just eat you?

“Why can’t I move my body?”

He tried to gather his strength but couldn’t. It must be because of the virus that started to enter his body is started to infect him.

“Thud!”

With a dull voice, he tried to move which resulting his body fall down to the floor. He feel he just hurt his neck in the process.

“Darn.. Someone, help me!

He asked for help but soon he stopped. He remember just how he tried to save himself by buying food and water without caring of what will happened to others.

Maybe if he rest a little bit more, he can move his body.

But this is not the time for that. A footstep could be heard approaching him. Before he realized it, Yumi is already infront of him. She is still naked and looked down at Takumi.

He brought back to the cruek reality when he saw those burning red eyes. It wasn’t a humans.

“AAAAAAH!”

He screamed and even pissed himself.

“God please save me.”

He is praying but is it heaven that going to answer or hell?

Yumi lifted his body in a so called princess carry style.

“Oh no. If I’m not a zombie, the reason she bring me here… Is it to eat me..?”

He is now placed on top of a bed.

“At least you should kill me before you eat me. Darn.. Did you want to torture me? To be eaten alive..”

He closed his eyes to accept his fate and could feel Yumi is undressing him.

“It’s natural if you want to eat a human you will strip them naked right?”

When Yumi lowered his trousers and pants, he still get embarased. His privates has been exposed in front of a girl.

He close his eyes again waiting for his fate.

He is now a served food on top of the bed.

“Aaah!”

Takumi screamed not because of pain but surprised. His male genital is wrapped by coldness that is coming from Yumi’s hand.

Even in this situation it slowly stand up.

“slurp”

In a blink of an eye, his lower member is already licated inside Yumi small mouth.

Wet sound echoed in the bright room but it didn’t come from the shower that has been leaved on.

“What is happening?”

This is not the first time Takumi encountered a sexual experience. He sometimes visited a brothel but, for Yumi to suddenly gives him a blowjob. It’s abnormal and beyond his understanding.

Yumi’s pupil still glowing red as usual and looking at that scene could make anyone goes mad. The pleasure comes from abnormal condition and what’s more it’s cold.

“I know that she’s not human. Her hands, her mouth, it’s cold.”

But the sensual feeling is still real. Getting a service from a beautiful young lady, his rationality has been driven out by lust.

“This wave of pleasure.. Oh.. If it’s a dream, I hope I never wake up.”

The wet sound echoed in the room.

Yumi remained expressionless and moving monotonous but the feeling of his member going out and in, makes Takumi leaked out a voice of pleasure each time.

Yumi continued and Takumi’s member is covered by cold saliva all over.

It is now completely awake and stood proud pointing to the sky.

Yumi slowly stood up and located herself on top of Takumi.

With a slow movement, Takumi member headed towards Yumi’s private parts. Yumi lowered her lips and Takumi’s already located at her entrance.

From the tip Takumi can feel the wetness coming from her love juices but it’s also cold. He saw the slimy and glistening opening. Now their privates are ready.

Yumi lowered her hips and..

“It’s tight!”

From Yumi privates, a faint red blood  flows down.

“Is she a virgin?”

Yumi forcefully pushed her hip down and swallowed all of Takumi’s.

This is a virgin first time experiencing sex. Takumi feel his member is gripped harder and showered by cold love juices. Experiencing a virgin also the first time for Takumi.

Their body touched each other and Takumi feel the coldness coming from Yumi. If only it was warm and normal, he will lost himself to the pleasure.

“This is bad.”

Yumi start to move and every time it goes in and out, a wet and sensual sound resounded in the room.

Yumi erected breast sway in an up and down motion together with her body. Seeing the feast in front of his eyes. The well shaped breast, pale pink nipples that is stood out and darker areola, fill Takumi’s mind with lust.

If only he could move his body he will reach his end real close.

After a few minutes Yumi movement is not so stiff. Her body has getting used to it. It smoothly enters and get out.

She is still expressionless but her body trembles and a small cute voice comes out.

“aahn.. Oh…”

She is panting and moaning. Her expression didn’t change but her movement has become more aggressive.

Each time Takumi member reach the deepest part of her, she will let out a stimulating voice.

How can Takumi resist? Even if it’s cold, the feeling of the tight and wet virgin girl. Bouncung breast and soft moan. He is now on the edge.

“ah.. Ah.. I’m coming!”

The waves of white stuff flow out and entered Yumi deepest part. Yumi body also trembles and releasing her own liquid.

“Plop’

With a loud popping sound, Yumi lifted her hips and stand still as if nothing happened.

Takumi realizing all of that and his sticky member feel uncomfortable.

“If only I could move my body to clean.”

It was just a casuak remarks but the effect is unimaginable.

Yumi began to stick her tongue out and licking Takumi’s member like eating an ice cream. Slowly and carefully without even missing an inch. Yumi body is pale white but her lips is still pink enough to arouse him.

Sinking into another wave of pleasure, Takumi is going to lose his consciousness soon.

“If only you clean your self, wear cute clothes normally after all of that, it would be perfect.”

If only Yumi is “normal” it was a perfect sexual experiences indeed.

“I don’t know what happened but I don’t want to go out.”

And with that, he succumbed into another sleep.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi awake after that warm encounter. He woke up and can move around but his body is still heavy.

He check his phone to see how long he has fallen asleep.

“I tought I just sleep a few minutes because the sun is still shining. But actually I sleep one full day time.”

Now, he need to check his condition. He could probably have decided that the outer world have fallen. He sit on the bed and surprised.

Yumi was there, standing at the door.

“Whoa!”

He shouted on reflex. He forget that he is currently at Yumi’s apartment. He noticed that Yumi isn’t naked anymore. She wears a pink dress and it suit her perfectly.

“Am I dreaming? The zombie incident, was it a fake? Where’s the camera?”

But his thoughts erased the moment he saw Yumi red eyes. It brought him back to the harsh reality. However, seeing Yumi has changed, he remember the last moment before he lost his consciousness.

“Could it be?”

He remember asking her to clean herself, wear clothes and even staying inside.

There’s still one big question.

“Why I was taken by her and not be eaten?”

He was confused and tried to ask Yumi. Because clearly she didn’t look as scary as the zombie that he has seen so far.

“Um.. Takahashi-san.. Can you explain what happened to you? I’m at lost here..”

If there’s a consciousness she should be replying to him, but she just stood there.

Seeing no response, he tried another approach. Seeing that she obeyed his word, would she listen to him?

“Can you come here?”

Yumi keep silent for a few seconds but then she walked slowly. Takumi’s eye widened seeing that.

“Can you fold your arms?”

“well, lift your right leg.”

From simple asking method now he is giving order. But seeing her balance is so bad, he asked her to stand casually. There is also a lag time before the order was followed.

“Next! Please lift your skirt.”

Without hesitation she lift her one piece dress and reveal a blue and white stripped panties.

“Now, I have no doubt she will listen to my instruction.”

After satisfied looking at her pantie, he took a note and start experimenting with her. Check the reaction to variety of instruction, all is written down in a notebook.

He also checked wether she need to take a breath and found out her heart isn’t even beating. It is a mystery at how she could move.

He eliminates the chance that she could be saved and declared that she is already dead.

For further investigation, he need more time and zombie.

Now he is sitting at a chair and Yumi is located inbetween his leg. She is just following Takumi instruction. Without refutal she is now licking Takumi’s.

“Yumi followed my order obediently but she can’t speak. She can only let out an Ah or low growl. But I wonder how the voice is reproduced since there’s no air coming out or in from her mouth.”

He also inspected her wallet and found out nothing special.

“Not just taking it in and out. Use your tongue and lick it too.”

After that commands, Yumi took it out and start to lick it as if it was sweet and addicting.

“I have to make sure that if my theory is true. Some command can’t be executed if they didn’t understand about it. Like this blowjob, I’m not sure if she have an experience before because she is a virgin.”

While thinking that, some splashing noise is resounded in the room.

“Maybe she has do a blow job before or have a knowledge about it because she doesn’t look like a slut.”

“Took it all the way to the base and suck it stronger.”

She sometimes put her own variation when servicing him.

“Maybe if she repeat it, she will be experienced in it.”

Without needed another instruction from Takumi, Yumi is servicing him well.

“The instruction can’t be too complex. Before I passed out she managed to clean herself and wear clothes. I wonder if three is the limit when giving commands or more can be inputted.”

He takes a note whenever an idea enter his mind however it’s been hard due to the pleasure. The features of Yumi body and her enticing youth age, seeing her cute face and small lips eating a man thing with addition of vulgar noise, how can he not feel aroused.

Yumi on her initiative move faster and Takumi feel his end is near.

“Yumi… I’m coming.. Please hold it in your mouth.”

Takumi spit out white fluid from his lower body and it all enters her small mouth. It fills her up but she was ordered to hold it in.

“Yumi this time swallow it in and lick me clean.”

After minutes in heavenly pleasure Takumi regained his senses.

“Since the electricity is still running, let’s gather information from the net.”

Takumi ordered Yumi to not leave the room and he decided to go back to his apartment. Walking in the hallway is now a scary thing. He need to be careful. He crouched in the hallway and keep looking around to watch for strange movements.

“It’s so quiet.”

He was tempted to look down to the streets but he don’t want to be careless.

He arrived in his room next door which seemed far away. Closed the door and lock it.

“Fiuh.. Fiuh… My throat is so dry.. I need water.”

He go to the bathroom and turn on the sink.

“It’s good that water is still running.”

He took a glass and drink the water. After finished drinking he saw his reflection in the mirror. He is smiling to saw his own face. He noticed his shirt have some dark stain in shoulder area.

“Aah, I remember Yumi bite me.”

He completely forget about it because after that extra painful experience he passed out. However he know his meat has been gouged out.

“I have to do disinfection. I don’t want to caught the virus.”

He is feeling relieved that he isn’t infected and still he didn’t know the mechanism of the infection. He just know that he need to do something about his wound.

He take off his shirt and looking for the wound. His face suddenly turned stiff.

“What is this? I’m sure I was bitten on the shoulder. I still remember the pain.”

He know that it wasn’t a dream. From the stain in the bloodied shirt, clearly his shoulder has been bitten but, the crater that supposed to be there can’t be seen. The skin even look flawless.

“……..”

He hurriedly took out a razor from a shelf and with the sharp end make a light cut on his hand.

From a thin line of cut, red blood is oozing out.

“I didn’t feel any pain. Maybe it was too shallow.”

He wash it with water and gaze back at the back of his hand.

“Darn…….”

On the back of his hand, where the razor cut is inflicted, there’s no sign of cut, not even a scratch..

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie master chapter 4 – collecting infirmation

(Plot chapter is short while obscene one is long Lol..)

Takumi shocked at the wound because there’s not even a scratch.

“Maybe it was too shallow and when my shoulder is bitten, it was just my halucination.”

To confirm it, he prepare first aid kit, alochol, gauze, antiseptic, and prepare to make another wound on himself.

He need to check his own condition. Just in case he will stumble into a shelter, he need to make sure that he is normal and never bitten by a zombie.

This time he make a deeper cut at his finger. Almost cut it off.

“ARGH… It’s hurt!”

Takumi relieved to feel pain. He clean the cut with antiseptic and apply the gauze. When he want to put a band aid, the wound is healed already. The visible damage now only left a thin line behind and dissapear.

“What is this!”

Want it or not, he have to admit that there’s something wrong with his body. He saw his own face reflected at the mirror. The eyes are black, and not red. He put his hand under his nose and could feel his own breath. He put one hand on his chest.

*Badump*

It’s beating.

“My eyes are normal, I’m breathing and there’s a pulse. I didn’t lose my mind so I’m normal right?

Is he still normal? Or the effect is not yet affecting his body?

“I better quit thinking about this. There’s nothing I can do.”

Takumi turned on the TV and except NHK, the other channel isn’t airing. It is also a repeated recorded news saying that the recent outbreak of zombie is happening all around the world.

He decided to search the net and luckily it’s still online. He found a lot of threads in various forum talking about Zombie, no celebrity news, no porn, it’s all about zombie.

He take a note on the information he found.

First, the disaster is happening all around the world. Even in Yout*be you can find lots of video about zombie attacking human. Still, there’s also people who can still think rationally admist this confusion. A thread titled “All you know about zombie! Let’s share infirmation!”

Only 20 anonymous user have visited the page.

“What happens if you’re bitten by a zombie? 1. You become one of them, 2. You’ll be a zombie at a later time (uncertain) 3. Die (highly possible)”

He look again and there is even a scary comments.

“You’ll lose your manhood.”

“Noo way!”

Takumi shouted when he read that.

Post 300: “There is someone that claimed to be able to kill a zombie by smashing their head.”

301: “I saw someone do it with a bat too!”

302:”Someone in a hospital was bitten but he haven’t turned into a zombie.”

303: “Someone posted about a person that turned into zombie in a shelter.”

590:”Don’t hesitate to kill a zombie.”

591:”But they used to be human right?”

592:”It’s kill or be killed.”

What is posted is acceptable but Takumi is thinking hard.

“Why Yumi moved slowly while the police zombie in the Tv could even run?”

He also knows someone is still alive by locking themself in their room. There is a shelter prepared but more people means more risk for someone of them to get infected. There’s also no real guarantee wether the electricity and water will run forever. You’ll run out of food and eventually die. He maybe pesimistic but he is still hoping the JSDF (Japan Self-Defence Force) will do something and be a zombie destroyer. But it was all a frail hope. He looked again in the forum.

Post 1031: “All of us will die.”

1032:”If only I could have sex before I die.”

1033:”Why don’t you do it with a zombie? Hahaha. Just find and elementary kid who couldn’t resist your force and r*pe them.”

1034: “Good idea! Do you have a condom? I don’t want to get zombie virus.”

1035: “Don’t worry about that. You’ll die before you find your ra*e target anyway. Lol.”

1036:”We’re pathetic thinking of losing our virginity to a zombie.”

….

Takumi read all of that and his mind is running wild.

“It’s probably impossible for others but if other zombie followed my order like Yumi, I could have as many virgin as I want.”

But first, he need to make sure that he won’t get attacked by zombie. If they could be commanded like Yumi that’s even better. He doesn’t even have to fear about zombie anymore.

He smiled like a madman.

“Maybe in the end I’ll turn into a zombie.. But, I don’t care anymore. I’ll do what I want.”

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi next goal is to find out wether other zombie can be controlled or not. But it was really difficult.

How to find a zombie? Should he go outside? If turn out that he couldn’t command them, it’s a disaster. Should he pressed the bell to other room to find out any survivor too? Maybe there is still someone alive. He may even find companions. But, helping each ither in this kind of condition will makes it worst.

What if the person he found is useless? How if it was a trouble maker?

From what he gathered in the net, zombie have decent sight and hearing because they could locate their prey. There’s also an info saying at night they will become more aggresive and more docile at day. But, if he go out like this he is just a fool. He sneak out after comfirming there’s no zombie outside.

He go to the management office and take the resident book and the master key. He was in luck because there’s no zombie he encounter and not even a human of course. He entered the office and.

“WAAH!”

He was surprised. He saw a young man in uniform have fallen at the floor and his body is covered in blood. There’s a rotten smell but it’s not from that corpse.

*Munch*

He look around and saw, the young man arm is half gone. It was being eaten by a zombie in janitor suit. The usual smiling janitor is now expresionless. He was eating the young man arm as if havung a delicious snack.

The janitor noticed Takumi barging in and stopped for a second. His gaze shift towards Takumi. The blood stained mouth is red. He even saw some meat stuck between them. His life is in crisis. He even use one hand to block his mouth and stopped breathing.

However it just looking at Takumi without even blinking. Takumi trembling but he need to do it.

“Release that arm.”

Then the janitor stand up waiting for another order. “Give me the resident book.”

Altough the smell is unbearable, Takumi held it in.

The Janitor pass a book and after checking it, Takumi commands him again. “Give me the master key!”

He search around and passed the key to Takumi. After that he leave the room smiling. He didn’t take the elevator to search the room one by one. On the first floor, he noticed a door is slightly opened.

“Room 111. Three person. Father, mother in their fourtieth and a 14years old daughter.”

He entered and the umbrella stand in front of the door has fallen. He entered the living room and saw a middle aged housewife in apron, a teenager in sailor suit sitting calmly. But after seeing Takumi they quickly walked toward him with their arm stretched.

Takumi is now panic. The janitor is staying put but these two are coming after him.

“S-s-stop! Please wait a minute.”

He stutterrd when saying that in fear but thanks God the two has come to a halt.

He is relieved hat the crisis have been averted.

“I’ll talk with the daughter first. Come follow me!”

Takumi show a confident and silly smile. The girl followed behind Takumi to a bedroom. He took out the resident book again and check her out.

“Naito Hiromi, 14, enrolled at St. Mary’s woman school.”

It was a private school and a good one. They used English for daily language and it’s popular. Thr uniform they used is a skirt and white blouse with blue vest. It was a pleasant for the eyes. They maintain the dignity of the girl’s but become the dream of many man. Her wide eyes and cute face is attracting Takumi. The feeling of having a junior high school girl’s body also excited him.

“Altough I didn’t mind doing it in uniform like this, it’s called sailor cosplay but I rather see you naked.”

Hiromi quickly stripped off her clothes. There’s no feeling of shame and obeyed Takumi’s order. As piece by piece of clothing is removed, He get more and more aroused.

Hiromi is 150cm tall. Her skin is milk white and she is slim. The chest area is still in developing stage but it wasn’t flat. In the middle of it, a pink areola could be seen. Slender waist and even her bottom is perfrct without excess fat. There’s even barely hair in her pubic area. Her womanhood is still closed like an innocent child.

He moved behind her and cope a feel of her botton. It’s firm and soft. He once again moved to the front and grabbed her shoulder. He feel the coldness of her skin. It was cold, and dry but not a rotten one. There’s a remaining of what once moist and young skin.

He then moves toward the chest area and put it in both of his hand. He grabbed it easily because it is rather small. Takumi prefer it big and soft but, this immature chest isn’t less appealing. While massaging it with his hand, he used his index finger to stimulate the small pink dot. Slowly, it becomes longer, it was inverted types.

Seeing that, he feel a deep lust growing and his hand moves rougher. It may even be painful if the girl is still alive but she already turned into a zombie.

“Aaah…” there’s a response. That makes him lost control and he quickly put his lips on top of hers. He doesn’t even need to gives an order for her to reply his kiss. Their tongue even entwined with each other. Three minutes was enough to make their saliva overflowing.

“Good. You’re pretty experienced in kissing. Now let’s see how well you can kiss me down there.”

However Hiromi didn’t move. Maybe the command isn’t clear enough.

“You know. Give me a blowjob!”

Still she doesn’t move. Takumi noticed, maybe the idea of putting a man’s inside her mouth is something she doesn’t know how. He feel joy because he could do dirty things to the innocent girl.

“You know, you put mine into your mouth but be careful and don’t bite it.”

Hiromi kneel before Takumi and she released Takumi’s from his pants. She put one hand to make it directed to her mouth and start doing her job.

He was excited at how gentle she was. Without hesitation it was already inside her mouth.

“Aaah..”

The feeling is even better than Yumi’s. Because it was full of saliva from earlier, it’s smoothly going in and out.

“Use your tongue too. Like licking a popsicles.”

He even moves his hips to match Hiromi’s movement.

“Aaah.. Suck it hard.”

Takumi couldn’t stand the pleasure to be licked, sucked, and going in and out all at the same time.

*splurt*

“Aaaah… That was amazing.. Swallow it all!”

Hiromi is still moving her head and still sucking him dry.

“Aaah… Now, lick it clean.”

She immediatelly followed the order.

“Remember, this is called cleaning blow. Everytime I ask you to do a cleaning blow. You have to do this.”

After that he ask her to stop and ordered her to do a cleaning bow.

“Good girl. You already remember what I taught you.”

He stroked her head gently. It may be an illusion but he felt Hiromi expression is changing.

“Maybe that’s my imagination. However I’m pretty sure now that I could give instruction to a zombie.”

He keep caressing her head while thinking of his future plan.

Strangely enough, he smiled.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi sit on the bed and Hiromi is still naked in front of him. She spread her leg and push out her hip to present her flower to Takumi. The colour is beautiful cherry red and she spread it open. Revealing a thin line of her hymen. Yumi is also a virgin but he didn’t get a chance to see the hymen. Seeing Hiromi’s is his first time.

He never have sex with someone younger. Tasting Yumi’s and Hiromi is a wonderful experience for him.

“Strange enough, it is wet.”

There’s a drop of water coming out. For a girl that doesn’t even know the meaning of fellatio earlier, she is already well prepared to be embraced by a man.

Takumi put his middle finger infront of the opening and touch the cold liquid. He tried to push it in but the feeling of hitting a wall is pressuring his finger. He take it back lift Hiromi to the bed.

“Spread out your leg and bend your knees.”

Her leg is in M-shape while she lay down on the bed.

Takumi’s member is already dry even though Hiromi just lick it before. However the love juices coming out from her is sufficient to do the job. If it was a normal girl, he will hesitate. But she is a zombie. Without reserve he forcefully deflowering her.

“Aarrggh… It’s.. Tight… It’s.. Painful!”

Takumi penetrated her deep. Red blood can be seen around the opening. If she’s not a zombie she will be crying in pain. The blood that comes out is more than normal.

“Afterall.. It’s too tight.”

Takumi couldn’t move but the inner wall is contracting. It’s moving like it wants to swallow it.

He feel comfortable but painful at the same time. It’s tightening even more.

“Aaah.. What happened?”

In that moment, cold water is coming out from Hiromi’s. The inner wall of her is squirming as if massaging him.

“Whoa.. This feeling is amazing.. I didn’t even move.”

After it relaxed and flooded with cold liquid, Takumi start to move.

The opening contracted everytime he goes in and out. He move even wilder enjoying the sensation.

The room is quiet and a wet sound is resounding.

“fuh. Fuh..”

He even changed their position several time and have been doing it like a wild beast. With waves of pleasure, Takumi dumped all of him inside Hiromi. He took it out slowly but it’s still hard.

“Not yet.. It’s not enough!”

Slowly, a naked Yumi enters the room. This time she comes without even being instructed. However Takumi didn’t care about how she got there. He grabbed Yumi’s neck and pull her down in front of his.

Yumi looked at his and without any order took it all in to the back of the throat. Carefully cleaning it. Takumi pull her hair and moves her head back and forth. After she is doing it on her own, he massaged her large chest savagely. Hiromi is now looking at Takumi as if waiting to be allowed to join in. Takumi gestured for her to come and now Yumi and Hiromi is sharing. Alternately left and right, it enters the girls mouth.

“Now, get down on all four and show me yours.”

Hiromi and Yumi is lined up and showing their opening. It was a dream for all man. It’s a scene that could arouse anyone. Without any wait, he penetrated Yumi. Her inside is already wet. He moves vigorously until the bed is shaking. Yumi large breast is jingling up and down. And her privates is clutching Takumi’s like a carnivorous plant that caught its prey.

“Even though they’re zombie. It still feels good.”

After he do Yumi long enough, he take it out and stick it in Hiromi. Today is her first time and it was still tight. Making it hard for him to move.

“It’s tight. Hiromi feels amazing.”

However if doesn’t mean that Yumi is inferior. He takes it out and when he stick it in Yumi’s, her inner wall is enveloping his perfectly.

“Yumi is also amazing. I couldn’t hold it any longer.”

Takumi lift Yumi right foot and lift it up. It gives more access for hin to reach deeper. Seeing her breast moving, he is bringed to his end. While squirming a littlr, he released his liquid inside of her.

When he take it out, the two girl is competing to lick him clean.

With satisfaction in mind, he stroke their head.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi decided to clean his body and enter the bath. His lower body is sticky due to the sexual activity that is done many times in a short period of time. You could even said he exercising due to the amount of sweat generated.

In addition to that, Yumi and Hiromi also join. But the bathtub is only able to fit one people so they are left on the floor.

The purpouse is not to clean their body only but to examine it closer. Observing the two bodies, he ask them to clean theirself whule he is observing.

“Except for a scar on her stomach, Hiromi’s body is flawless. Yumi’s too is amazing. But it was pale.”

It was because the heart has stopped so the blood isn’t circulating. He was worried if one day they will become rotten and smelly. There’s also no other wound.

“I wonder if the wound they get when infected is already healed.”

However his thought is distracted by a low growl from his stomach.

He decided to eat immediatelly. While he electricity is still running, he will use microwave to heat frozen food. When the electricity run out it will be a junk and melted because the fridge was off.

“What am I supposed to do with the two of you?”

The image of a typical zombie in movie and games attending to their daily needs is never be shown. In movie and games they are only eating humans. Now he’s going to live with two zombie, not a pet cat or dog.

“The janitor seemed to be eating a corpse. I wonder if it was because of hunger or what?”

Takumi took out the frozen food that is already warm and split it between the three of them.

“They will eat it if they want to eat it.”

He don’t know how the metabolism of a zombie works. However the scene of the girl eating the food surprised him.

“Does it mean from now on I have to keep them well fed?”

Seeing them could eat normally Takumi start to think.

“No need to feed them anymore. But,”

Takumi is in dillema. His food will run out faster. He wantes to keep them mainly to be used as sexual partner but he also still need to experiment with the instruction. They also may be useful later on. It’s not a good idea to abandon them now.

“Well, if they keep eating won’t their stomach will be full eventually because they couldn’t digest it?”

He is worried if one day they will spit out food from their mouth.

“Seeing them eating now, if there’s a corpse in front of me I wonder if they will change.”

Takumi didn’t stay any loger and reorganizing things. He secure food and water, put them in one box, maybe if they decide to leave the apartment he will be able to carry it wih him. He turn on the radio and TV however the same recorded emergency news is the one that aired. On the net it’s even worse. They are all spamming their death’s will.

The second night of the apocalypse come. Takumi is now dressed in all black to blend in with the darkness. He want to study zombie habits when the night have come. It is still unknown wether they will be normal or not, if they still obeyed him or not.

“They said the zombie at night is more aggresive. I have to fins out if they are still obeying my words or not.”

He want to bring weapons but right now he only have kitchen knives and pans.

“I’ll just run when it’s get worse.”

Takumi go out and there’s no sign of zombie.

“This is terrible.”

When he reach the road, he gasped involutarily. As far as he can see, dead bodies are lying down and scattered. People that have been eaten in half. Broken glasses and pool of blood. He arrived at the convenience store and see two zombie is moving around. It semed that they didn’t noticed him.

“To think that it was only the second day.”

Takumi walking in the shadow avoiding street lamp. He met a middle aged zombie but he followed his instruction to “go away”. Therefore he is relieved that even at night his words still have power.

“We arrived.”

It was a perfectural elementary school building. This place is the emergency shelter for this area. If some disaster happened, this is the evacuation spot. If there’s a human refugee camp this is the place.

There’s no light coming out. There’s no sign of people there.

“Maybe it’s to avoid the zombie attention.”

Afterall he wouldn’t know if he didn’t check.it. The best place to check is the gymnasium. However in the yard he already saw a small figure wrigling. It was a small boy zombie. Several children also coming there. When one of them saw Takumi, they start to run to him at an outstanding pace. Takumi immediately run from seeing the horror scene.

“This is hell.”

The sight of lifeless children chasing him is burned in his mind. At that time, two shadowy figures arrived at his side. They wear gym suit and their name tag is still clear. “5th grade Hayami Rika” and “5th grade Fujishima Yayoi”.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi observes the two girl that is coming closer

Hayami Rika, her height is around 130cm and hair is shoulder length. There’s a red big ribbon on her head to show off her cuteness. Large eyes and petite face can only be described as cute. When still alive, she was the class number one beauty.

In contrast Fujishima Yayoi is 150cm tall. Thick eyebrows and short bob hair. Her face is still a little bit childish but when she grow up it will be a beauty. Her body is thin but there’s a hint of athlete’s body. She is one of the top girl in the class along side with Rika.

“Wuuu…”

A groan comes out from one of them. He know maybe they are signalling him abiut the others children zombie.

“Both of you, stay on guard.”

Takumi take a peek at the gymnasium. This where usually people sleep when a disaster occurs.

“They are wearing gym clothes, maybe they are attacked at the PE class.”

Twenty small zombies were walking aimlessly inside. There’s also several corpse lying on the floor. They are all wearing clothes with name and 5th grade are written.

“Is the whole class infected?”

When Takumi attending elementary school at least 40 people is in one class. He count the number of body and know some were missing. He move to the back and heading to the locker room.

As far as he knows it, zombie couldn’t open the door normaly. When he ask Yumi to open it, she couldn’t turn the doorknob. She opened it with force. Maybe zombie have low intelligence so, if humans hide inside a room there is a possibility of survivor.

He recognize that inside the gym, some of them gathered at the entrance of the locker room. So he deciden to go there from the back door. But, so far he still didn’t see the sight of the teachers. Maybe there is someone who stay inside the locker room.

“Excuse me! Is there someone inside?” if there’s a human someone should give him a reply. But there’s no reaction. Takumi feel somewhat down. If there’s no reply, someone must still be afraid to come out. If there’s something jamming the door or blocking the path, the probability of a survivor is high.

The door opened easy and bring dissapointment. When he look inside he is frozen to death. Five children zombie is eating two adult corpse. They are busy eating and didn’t notice him.

There’s a sign of barricade made from vaulting horse box but it failed to protect their lives. He closed it again an sighed. He searched the school and encounter the same situation on some classroom. It was far worse than what he originally think. In this tragic situation, how his future will be?

“No, I can’t get depressed. I’m still alive!” he slapped his cheek to energize himself.

When he was about to leave the school, three children is gathered at the entrance. The first is Rika and Yayoi. The last one, Tanak Fumika. 140cm tall and jet black long hair like a Japanese doll. She didn’t stand out like Rika or Yayoi but still cute. Seeing them, Takumi depression is long gone.

He imagined the sight of them when they are still alivr. Waving their hands and with their innocent children voice, playing around. However their red gleaming eyes and expressionless state pierces his heart. Strangely enough the three girl is following him around adjusting ti his walking speed.

“For now I’ll go home. I can’t bear to look anymore. Maybe I’ll come again in the future to check.”

Takumi is stunned when seeing the three young girl standing side by side. Wearing their gym clothes, it gives off the feeling of illussion.

“What am I going to do with them?”

He noticed that the blood scattered on their gym clothes is enough to tell him about their bad experiences.

“For now, take off your clothes.”

He remember when he was at elementary school he never seen a girls body except when they were taking swimming lesson. He feel nostalgic and shouted “Oh?”.

At first taking off the clothes he mean for them to leave their underwear on. But right now they are already naked.

The shortest is Rika, her chest is too small but her ribbon giving an alluring sight. Fumika on the other hand, like a doll her skin also white and smooth which gives off unhealthy feeling. Yayoi on the other hand with her athletic body is sending her charm. She even wear sports bra because her chest have matured earlier.

Seeing them, he lost his rationality and the bulge inside his pant is groeing. He asked them to kneel doen in front of him and opened their mouth. The first one to be defiled is Yayoi’s mouth as her body is more mature.

She accepted Takumi’s unsude her mouth. There’s a hint of guilt coming from Takumi but the lust override it. “Lick it like eating a candy. But don’t bite it.”

Yayoi then began his intruction. There’s a sensual sound coming out from her mouth. She is eating a candy that will never run out.

“Aaah.. It feels so good.”

The sight of Yayoi servicing him is really dangerous.

“Stop! Stop!..” he can’t let it out now.

“Fumika, do the same thing like Yayoi.”

Fumika bring her mouth closer and start with a small peck. With each kiss, Fumika bring it deeper inside her mouth. This is her way of eating candy. She lick it a little bit and put it in and out her mouth. Starting by putting in a little bit then putting all of it in. Takumi feel one of the best sensation in his life.

“Ugh.. That’s enough… Having two different style is amazing. Rika, can you do it too?”

Her small lip parted and she put it deep down at her throat in one go. She even used her hand to stimulate other area. She is skilfully moving her head and hands to stroke it some time. Takumi eyes widened. Seeing the innocent Rika servicing him eroticly. Takumi didn’t know she used to read a hentai comic that belongs to her brother. This time she is using her knowledge to please a man.

“Hufh.. Hufh..”

He pull it out from Rika’s mouth and thrust it into Yayoi. He moves his hip to match her movement. If it was a normal girl she whould be choked but for zombie, they don’t need to breathe. He shift it to Fumika and her small lips again. She couldn’t use her tongue like before but the saliva is overflowing.

“Rika, I’m going to do it violently.”

He put it all in one go and grabbed her hair. She moves her head back and forth faster than the others. He was confused that a zombie movement can be this agile.

“Ugh… Rika… I’m coming…..”

Due to the intense movement, he reached his end.

“Splurt”

“Rika! Swallow it all!”

Either he realized it or not, it was already swallowed before he ordered it.

He take it out and lay down of the bed.

“Three of you! Please lick it clean!”

The three girls head is dancing on top of Takumi’s. Their tongur is also used and causing wet sound. They licked it clean without leaving any spot unattended. Even when it’s already clean they keep on licking it. Takumi is looking at that satisfied.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi is now troubled. In front of him, three girl lay down on the bed and their leg is on M shape. They are all comoletely hairless and hidden between their leg is pink opening. The sight of the three young girls can drive any man mind to break.

But why Takumi is troubled? It was because they are still underaged.

“If I put mine inside. There’s a probability that they will be ‘broken’ “.

The three of them is even younger than Hiromi. He tried to put his finger in but he hesitated. If he tried to put it in forcefully he may harm the girls.

They are already a zombie so they wouldn’t feel pain but, his mental is contradicting.

“They won’t feel anything.. But, they are still underage.. Aarrggh..”

But still, he is a selfish man. For his pleasure he could care less about others.

“Maybe I could use lotion.”

However where will he find such lotion at this time? He give up the idea and use an easier approach. Maybe I could make them aroused.

He tried to touch Rika’s. When giving service she was the most aggresive girl. Maybe she is also the most wet. His left hand caressing his chest and there’s only a slight mound. He could put all of it inside his hand. Still, it’s tight and dry.

He moved to Yayoi that have the largest breast from the three. Each time he massaged it, her body gives a response but, she is still dry down there.

The last one is Fumika. He couldn’t massage her chest so he just rubbed it with his palm. After some time, he moves his finger to her opening and it convulsed for a second. He noticed from her small opening a stream of sweet liquid coming out.

“Is this..?”

He start using his pinky, then changed to ring finger before finally use his middle finger. If he listen closely there’s a sound of water everytime he moves his finger. Slowly he manages to insert his whole middle finger.

He readied himself for intercourse. He put the head first inside and slowly work his way to the base.

When he did it with Hiromi, her virgin’s wall is squeezing him without even needing to move. This time, it was tighter.

“Ugh..”

This time even Takumi could feel the pain. Slight trace of blood is flowing down. However the wetness easen his pain. Slowly it adapts to Takumi’s.

If she was alive her pain will be unbearable. Right now, Fumika remains expresionless. When he feel he pressure is lessen, he start to move.

“Uuhnn… Uuhnn..”

Fumika remain expressionless but every time Takumi’s going in and out, she was moaning as if gasping for air. Fumika’s wrapped Takumi’s tightly. He couldn’t move too quick because it will only causing him pain. With each slow movement, an erotic wet sound is produced.

Takumi is aroused. Fumika release a lot of love juice until the amount is like flooding out.

He thrust it as deep as he can and.. “splurt”

He released it at the deepest part of her. This time he released it for a long time until his lower back feel numb. Fumika’s is twitching recieving it and produce her own liquid. He took it out and it was shiny because of the juices. He moves it to Fumika mouth asking her to clean it. He is lying on the bed exhausted.

After several minutes restoring his strength, he isn’t feeling lustful anymore. He thinks of what to do next.

“I better clean myself.”

This time he entered the bath along with the three young girls. Their eyes were red and low body temperature. They are clearly a zombie, but because they will live together from now on, he cleans them personally.

Just when they finished taking a bath, he noticed that he have no clothes for the new member. He may decided to go shopping with the girls tommorrow. However for now, what should he do? The washed gym clothes is still in washing machine.

Their movement is dull when coming out of the bath. If they are still normal, he will hear their giggles and laugh while they are chatting with each others. However these girl just stood there in silent.

While thinking about washing machine he gets a sudden idea and leave the girl standing there. He entered Yumi’s room.

He write down an instruction and passed it to Yumi.

“Yumi, do your laundry.”

She followed it and collecting dirty clothes in the basket. She put them inside the machine and activating it by pressing the button.

“Does she have some consciousness when turning on the machine or it was based on her experience?”

He tried to scribble unknow words and passed it to her. But she stayed silent. He tried to commands with words and she obeyed.

“I also have a curiosity. Does anyone could give order to zombie or is it only me?”

This ability of his is still in question. But he didn’t dwell on it and continue his experiment.

He write another command at the paper. “Stand on one foot.” and she obeyed it.

This time, he passed the instruction to Yumi and asked her to give it to Hiromi. However Hiromi didn’t move. He gives direct order to Hiromi trough writings and she obeyed it.

“This is still a hypothesis. I could give an order if it’s a direct order. Written order won’t work if passed down by a zombie even though they know that it was written by me.”

Slowly but sure Takumi is more interested in the zombie, their life and his ability.

About these ads
 

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        He lost one T-shirt, two towel, and three pants that is torn by force by asking the zombie to do his laundry. Altough they are able to follwed the order but they lack gentleness.

After the laundry job was done, he exit his room and gathered more specimen. This time he get three fresh body.

The first one is a woman in her twenty. There’s a large scar across his stomach. Maybe if the wound is afflicted before their death not because of the zombie it won’t get healed. This time the girl he brings in is not for sexual act. He instruct her to stand still in a corner. He want to know how long these zombie can stay “alive” without food, drink, he want to find out their life span.

The second body is a middle aged man. He use him to pick up food and water from convenience store. While on the way, he could see more zombie roaming around. However the reason he raid this store is too survive on his own and eliminate threats that is coming from other human that have same ability as him. At least he doesn’t know yet how many survivor is out there and how many have this power. He issued him to move back and forth moving the supplies. He used him because he doesn’t want to take risk in losing his playthings.

It is a strange things watching zombie move around carrying food back and forth. He didn’t specify what things to bring and the first thing he brought is beef jerky and low malt beer. The beef jerky can be preserved but there’s a rotten smell stuck to the package from the man’s body. When he asked food, there’s a wide variety of them. But for water, he didn’t think he will bring malt beer instead of purified water.

After the convenience store is empty, he gives him order again to search for food. He didn’t come back to the store and was missing for a long time. Maybe he will search forever. But he comes back with a pack of frozen food.

“Well, maybe he searched around for it. Altough the instruction isn’t detailed it still completes his task. Maybe they have intelligence after all.”

He asked him again but he keep on bringing frozen food. Once again his hypothesis failed.

“It doesn’t have intelligence after all. It must be based on his habit. It comes from his memory when still alive.”

There’s a big chance they still retain their memory when they’re alive.

The third pupil he obtained is a man around thirty years old, his neck is almost fell off and his belly is gouged out. It is similar to the police’s zombie and show the same agility when he asked him to run. He noticed his body may undergo a mutation. From his leg, another layer of muscle can be seen outside of his leg. From the arm, a thick meat covered a wound. Maybe these are the factor that could enhance their speed and strength but it is still unknown. But due to his extra ordinary speed and strength he was asked to take patrol. He set a perimeter around his apartment.

He gives order to let him know if there’s a survivor approaching but he still didn’t sure wether the zombie will attack the man or listen to him. Still, he is interested in the physical changes of the zombie body. He doesn’t know what is the cause.

He tried to find more information on the net but it wasn’t helpful. The people is now more depressed. The post is now only about confussion, desperation, trashy chat and fear of reality.

Still there’s an interesting chat about the cause of the alocalypse. There’s a possibility of man made virus, natural phenomenon caused by God. They also post their theory and backing method. There’s even saying about voodoo magic, mutated disease and about how it happened at the same time all around the world.

Long incubation period is the most reasonable. It has spread for a long time and people doesn’t aware about it. Infection by air rather than zombie’s bite, but now talking about the cause when all the world have been infected was too late. Maybe they are trying to find a hope for a cure but more pesimistic people is flaming around.

“Apocalypse. Judgement day has come and hell fall upon earth.”

However some scientific people replied.

“This is the path to evolution. We’re able to become immortal if we passed the natural selection.”

He decide he need to stop searching the forum and move into a productive session. After all we didn’t know how long the net will stay online.

He searches for survival techniques and print them down. Method to secure water, food, rope knots, tents, reading maps, and all other thing that he think he will need. While the printer is busy, he searched to find info about survivor abroad.

There is people surviving at other country too. One of them work at a convinience store and lock himself within it. However it was all posted at the day of the apocalypse. There’s no news from today. No news from goverment or any sign of military resistance.

Soon the night of the third day will come. In the middle of the night, strange things happen. Breaking sound can be heard from various places. Humans scream is echoing. This is the first time the zombie is actively searching for survivor. Before daybream, many survivor has decline once again. Either killed or turned into one of them. This is only the third night yet humanity is on the brink.

                    
