\\pagebreak\\\\
        After the aggresive changes on the night of the third day, a lot of victim haa fallen. The news was spread rapidly trough the net. Fear and despair envelopes the grim future.

In the fourth and fifth day, more victim has fallen. The news only repeated the same goverment emergency order. It is strictly forbidden to go out at night. The zombie will react to any sound and light coming from windows and it was recommended that you close the shutter or even don’t turn on the lights. Cover the windows using black light curtain to block off some noise as well.

There is even a movie where a zombie could even find a human just because he lights a candle. People take it as a joke but now it seems true.

Lower apartments room havr taken considerable damage. Some of the survivor on the net have move to higher level. However right now the biggest problem is not about the zombie but about food and water. Their emergency stock for emergency earthquake, some didn’t prepare it. Fortunately water is still running. But, human can’t live with water only.

There is also no help from the government so far. It was only their emergency order on he TV. There is a mention about shelter but along the way they provide no assistance so the safety to reach it is on your own risk.

It is strange but this was completely beyond the response capacity of the government. It once have their pride, the JSDF. However it couldn’t handle threats from all around Japan at the same time. Vehicles abandoned on the way further limiting their mobility. Therefore helicopter is the only option but the helicopter available is being used for moving personnel and defense.

When people gets more desperate, Takumi feel the opposite. On the night of the fourth day, he noticed that his body gradually becomes stronger when the night comes. His body feel lighter as if supported by a strong force. His hearing enhanced and his eyes can see better in the dark. He was scared to turn into a zombie at first but his pupil remained black. Each time he check it in the mirror, he is sighing in relief.

After the third night, he was feeling anxious because of the changes of behaviour of the zombie. He checked the lower floor and check wether there’s a survivor. On the night of the fourth night, he already make barricade on the third, fourth and fifth floor. He didn’t care using residents furniture because he is the sole survivor in the building. He only cares about preventing zombie from climbing up. If someone saw a barricade they will know someone is alive but for zombie, they won’t noticed it.

The first and second floor, no door is closed. There’s a sign of it opened by force. The situation inside is a horror sight, as if a wipe out operation was done. After that, he becomes a scavenger. He rummage trough the room and take anything he could. Food, tents, sleeping bag, telescope and camping supplies, it comes from a room with a hobby of stargazing he guess. He feel guilty for taking it without asking but he have to do this to stay alive.

Third floor and higher, some of it was closed. He could open it using the master key but there’s no reason for that. For Takumi, another human possessed the same threat as zombie. People may try to help each other but it is meaningless for Takumi. Their food supply with deplete faster and there’s no reason to put himself in such disadvantages.

For normal human, zombie is the threat so they work together however it’s not the same with Takumi. If they know about his ability he is in bigger danger. He can freely control zombie and don’t want to feel regret if he gave up on this godly ability to live with human.

Takumi even once think to mobilize zombie to kill any survivor in the building but he couldn’t do such a terribke act to actively hurt others. Feelings of wanting the survivor to be safe also exist but he shouldn’t be their saviour. What’s more his body condition, he is not sure what’s going to happen to his body.

While no one is walking at night, Takumi can freely get out of the room. He can take a bicycle and  heading home. Not to his apartment but to his real home. He want to check his family safety. “I don’t have high hope but it’s not wrong to check it with my own eyes.” however the sight in front of him hinder his intention once more.

The number of zombie woman under his command is more than twelve. Including newly recruited under his instruction they are all naked. He doesn’t even go as far as to remember their names except for the first five girl that he shared his pleasure. He no longer cares to such trivia things as name.

Takumi is lying on the bed. To his left and right there is Yumi and Hiromi. They are slowly caressing Takumi’s thight. Each time the coldness of their hand send waves of pleasure. In his right leg, Yayoi and Rika is rubbing their body all over. In his left, Fumika and one other girl clinging doing the same thing. Under their child like skin, he feel his lower half is in heaven. They even start to lick all over withkut being instructed.

It also makes his precious member under the service of four young girls tongue where they keep shifting. It soon aroused Takumi and he is ready for the next step. He instruct a new woman to come.

She is mid-twenties with a short bod. With glasses that gives off a vibe of secretary. Her rounded buttocks is round and firm.

Takumi asked the woman to show him her back. She used his hand to enjoy the firm bottom. The skin is not smooth but its have a grainy texture (someone know what is grainy texture is?). He couldn’t help it but to slap her bottom. He is spanking in moderation and since zombie couldn’t feel pain he didn’t hold back. He grabbed her waist and at once inserted his own inside.

“whoa!”

She is not a virgin but the tightness is comparable to virgin high school girl. It have some love juice and softly wrapping Takumi’s. The softness as if he melted with her. They are connected so perfectly. Takumi instructed her to move her hips up and down. Everytime, the sight of such plump bottom covering his and going up and down, the sight is burned deel inside his mind. He move his hands to grab her chest drom behind. The soft feeling running trough his hand and the size is smaller compared to her bittom. The large nipple is fully erected and giving unexpected sensation to his lower member every time he pinch it. The woman movement is kinda jadded so he grab her waist.

Takumi move her up and down vigorously. He didn’t realize that he is lifting her with his hand because he couldn’t even feel the weight of her body. He just move her to his desire. The sound produced is so dirty. The sound of his waist hitting her bottom. The wetness of their sex genital. He soon released his liquid deep inside her. When he lift her and lowered her to the side, he feel a little bit numb.

“Maybe that was too much.”

Seeing that it was dirty, he grab the new girl on his foot which he don’t know the name to clean it. The girl could even scream if she was alive. The tongue enveloping his member and the girl couldn’t bear to let it part with her mouth. While enjoying the services, he grabbed two new woman.

The first is in early twenties with medium length hair. The size of her bottom is comparable with the girl earlier but she has some muscle indicating her love for sport. The other is twenty years old and short pony tail hair. The most unmatched sight about them is their height when lined up. The first girl is tall while the other is short.

He asked them to show their back to him again. He asked them to crawl on all four and lift their bottom. If a normal girl do this, it will be a humiliating sight but since they are zombie, they do it without even hesitating. In order to make love with the two, he asked Yumi, Hiromi and the gradeschooler set to masturbate and show it to him. He doesn’t know wether they could pleasure theirself so it makes sense to try it out.

Yumi and Hiromi is doing it while sitting down. Their hands is roaming on their chest and lower mouth. Fumika is doing it while lying down on the bed. Yayoi is doing it while on crouching position but her bottom is higher and her head rested on the bed. Rika and the nameless child doing it awkwardly as if lacking experiences. Seeing the six masturbating girl, his lust soared.

He approached the tall woman first. She isn’t a virgin anymore but her hymen break because of her vigorous exercise from school days. This is the first time her lower mouth accepted the things if man. The inside is wet and wriggling as if there’s a creature inside of it. It make Takumi involuntarily leak a little. It was a deadly pleasure that makes you want to ejaculate as soon as you put it in. He need to do something.

He take it out and put it inside the smaller girl in surlrise. This one is not a virgin but she lost it because she violates herself. Her body figure is comparable to high school student and the tightness is even tighter. He was at his limit from the first girl so he stuck it deep and the tightness is squeezing him down. “splurt”. Like in AV, the woman body wriggled and writhing. From her lower mouth a white liquid is coming out.

Seeing that, Takumi recovered. He move in and out once again and white foam is formed along with sticky wet sound. Her chest is moving along with her body. After few minutes he shift it back to the tall girl.

The creatures inside is giving Takumi unimaginable pleasure. Without even exceeding twenty stroke, he released a white stream of liquid inside her.

“She is amazing…as if something is living inside.”

He then moves to the rest of the party. The first is a woman in early twenties but her chest is enormous. E, no F, the large chest will drive any man mad. Takumi pushed her down and the floor and do a self-paizuri (if you don’t know what it means, don’t google it up!). He feel as if he was lost inbetween the soft and large mound. He is ready and pushed it inside her while coping a feel to her enromous chest. She feels experienced.

Not like the first timer and inexperienced girl. She was a lady. Her inner have a charm and luring his in. There’s even a variation coming from her inside giving variable pleasure. His finger sink down in the soft chest and tighten every time he massage it.

“I’m coming… Aaah…..”

“pant.. Pant..”

With that, he already released it inside for three times. It seemed to be his limit. Due to the extreme movement, his lower half is numb. However when he want to take it out, something is swallowing it deel and the sudden pleasure makes him release another white liquid.

“splurt.. Splurt.. Splurt.. Splurt..”

It’s squeezing him dry and his waist trembles.

“Incredible.”

Sleepiness hit him so he rest his head on the enormous chest that is softer than a pillow. Without taking it out, he closes his eyes.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        When the sun has been going down, Takumi is riding a bicycle and bring a backpack eith some food. The destination is his parents’ home in Tokyo. It was sixteen kilometer away. It’s easy to reach if he use a car but the number of car abandoned on the road makes it impossible to drive trough. This is the fifth day of apocalypse. Mother should be at home, father is in his office. My two sisters are in the middle and high school nearby. My sister can think quickly and adapts to situation. My father is dependable so Takumi decided to check on his mother. If in luck they will be safe and will use the family house as the base.

He takes the nationak highway and will takes time around an hour. However due to the number of car abandoned it will take twice as long. Some car even burning. There’s also zombie walking aimlessly on the highway.

“How come, these guys seemed to be avoiding me.”

In the past occasion some zombie may run coming at him but nowdays it doesn’t happened anymore. Even while dodging the abandoned car, the zombie not even once block his way.

This time, he couldn’t tell apart between human and zombie. The dead who’s not turning into a zombie will have their body damaged either because of suicide or killed before infected. The zombies, some of them have clean undamaged body. Only by seeing their movement or rotten smell, Takumi could know they are zombie. That’s also the reason Takumi could do sex with them. Yumi and the girls not even smell and their wound from being bitten has long healed.

However the appearances of corpses is unpleasant much more than the zombie. They were all in terrible state. No burial, no name, and even after they died, zombie is eating them and leaving behind only bones and blood.

He quicken his pace, worried about his family. However in front of him the road is blocked. Burning vehicles completely blocking the way.

“Let’s find another route.”

He wants to take a primitive map but he remember he have a smartphone. The GPS nowdays is way better than a regular map. He take out his phone and his heart skipped a beat.

“there is.. A mail?”

He only checked his phone in the first two day. Given that today is the fifth day, he didn’t check it anymore. He checked the mail and the sender is Anba , his first sister. The time, one hour ago.

“Help! I’m with sister hiding at school!” the sentences seemed to be written in an hurry. He relieved that they manage to stay together admist the chaos. One hour ago, they are still alive. Just from that, anxiety comes. In one hour anything could happened. He opened his phone and search for navigation to his sister school. He could care less if it was sended by others but it was his sisters. He also have a pride as a brother. Seconds later the fastest route is displayed on his phone and he pedalled hard. He ride it with determination.

…………….

Anba . Soon, she is going to be sixteen years old. She have dignified expression and calm eyes. Her impressive figure completed with a long black hair in ponytail. The term to describe it is cool beauty, a strong sense of responsibility and caring personality. She is popular in the underclassman and a part of the tea ceremony club. She will be the student council president next year if it goes well. However, it doesn’t look like next year will come.

The zombie apocalypse happened at lunch break. The tea ceremony have a special routine to eat lunch in their clubroom. In a school that is famous as princess school, tea ceremony is also becoming part of the general class so it was larger than usual. It have a bathroom, simple kitchen, lounge and allowed to be freely used by the club member. However the location is quite far from the main building is the probkem.

Anba is having lunch with his younger sister Azuri and three other person. This is their daily routine as the tea ceremony club member. Even if it’s quite a distance from the main building, it is comfortable to eat here. They always come there everyday to eat.

They are about to come back to the main building when they heard scream and sound of breaking glass. There are some students who act “funny” in the courtyard. They aren’t dumb to know they behaving like zombie. They decided to return to the teahouse first. Anba is trying to call the school using the intercom but all the signal is busy. She even tried to use her cellphone but the network isn’t available. Mail also couldn’t be sent. As the oldest and smartest from the group, she closed the windows and before the situation is safe they won’t leave.

The tea room is quite far so barely any zombie passed by. They noticed the situation and survived so far from the sweet snack to accompany tea.

However the fifth day changed everything. The zombies become more aware and because of the sound of water, they noticed someone is inside. Out of the five people, three people was bitten, one underclassman was bitten and becomes a zombie. The next one bitten is Anba friend however she died when she vomitted a large amounts of blood. The zombie attacker was only one and two with their turned friends. They managed to repel them by crushing their head using anything they could find, chair, pan, kettle, and thankfully that’s it. However the broken windows where the zombie comes in couldn’t be fixed. The stench of blood also thick. They didn’t dare to go outside.

The night came so they decided to hide under the flooring of the tea house. Because it was a Japanese style, there’s a room in between the floor and the wooden base where the tatami is laid out. There are three girls hiding. Anba, Azuri and the last one is Yu Kisaragi. She is a childhood friend of Anba and always stick close to her. They hugged closely under the floor and right now Azuri have a high fever. She is the last one that is bitten.

“Grooooo….”

A sound of a zombie approaching can be heard. They were all trembling under the floor.

“I wonder if brother get my mails. Will he really come? I don’t even know if he is still alive.”

Anba hugged Yu and Azuri. Anba and Yu is trying hard to hide their presence. Meanwhile, Azuri breathing is slowly returning to normal. Her temperature has cooled down. She slowly opened her eyes and under the darkness. It’s glowing.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        “O..neee..chan…”

A hoarse voice is coming out from Azuri.

Her eyes in the dark is brightly glowing in red. Anba and Yu know what it means.

“Azuri..?”

“Azuri-chan?”

They understand they couldn’t speak loudly because there’s a zombie nearby but, does Azuri turned into a zombie?

“Uuuaaaaahh!”

Azuri suddenly roared like a wild beast. It is enough for the two to consider she has turned into a zombie.

“Waaah”

The two realized the moment Azuri let out a sound, her position is in danger. What’s more there’s another zombie outside.

“Creak..”

The flooring was crushed by a hand near their location. The scream from Azuri clearly have lured the one which is searching for them.

They quickly crawled and trying to get out from beneath the floor. They looked back and saw a pair of gleaming red eyes peeking from the hole.

They don’t even have the strength to scream. They must escape immediately. However when they get out from beneath, their leg lost it’s power. They have crouched down for almost two hour below the floor and it is possible for their legs to have cramp because of sudden movement. As if giving a horror, the pursuing zombie is approaching near.

“Club president..”

The zombie infront of their eyes is the tea ceremony club president. If things goes well Anba will take over her position next year. Her name is Terashima. Her face didn’t shiw any sign of gentle smile that she used to have and just looking at them expressionless.

Anba and Yu hugged each other. Their body are trembling. They are waiting for their end. As Terashima coming closer, they tightly closed their eyes.

However that decisive moment never come. Terashima hand never reached them.

“Azuri…?”

Anba gather her courage and opened her eyes. There he saw Azuri holding Terashima.

“Azuri.. Are you helping us to escape?”

Anba is hoping for a reply but Azuri is showing the same blank face as Terashima.

“Anba-senpai.. Should we flee now?”

“It’s dangerous to run away aimlessly. We don’t know how many zombie out there. Maybe, Azuri will protect us here.”

Even if she said that, there’s no guarantee that Azuri will help them in the future. There’s even a chance for her to attack Anba. However Anba wanted to believe in her sister.

Azuri couldn’t move and keep holding Terashima.

Should Anba remained here or run away?

While Anba couldn’t decide a sound of door slammed open and footstep from a man running could be heard.

“Anba! Azuri! Are you here?”

Takumi reached the school guided by the GPS and when he visit their school in cultural festival, he remember they were a member of tea ceremony club. Therefore he could find this place.

“Onii-chan!”

Anba shout with lots of mixed emotion. She didn’t think it was possible for her brother to come.

The first thing that Takumi saw when he arrived is Anba hugging another girl, Azuri also doing the same thing but she is holding someone back.

Takumi bit his lips when she aware that Azuri eyes and the girl she holding is red.

“Azuri!”

Despair fiil his heart. He was late. It’s his fault for not coming earlier. But somehow, why is she holding back another zombie?

“Azuri.. What happened to you..”

“O…ni…ch…an…..”

Takumi couldn’t believe what he heard. There’s a rumour about flying zombie, huge zombie and other type on the net. He couldn’t believe in those rumour but he couldn’t even believe that Azuri just spoke. There’s no one mentioning a talking zombie.

(TL note: oh no.. Zombie type spoiler?)

“Anba.. And. Uh..”

“Kisaragi Yu-chan. She’s Azuri friend.”

“I see. Anba and Kisaragi, stay here. I’ll take Azuri and the other zombie outside to make sure it’s safe.”

“Okay.. But, Onii-chan. It’s dangerous.”

“Don’t worry I’m already get used to it. I can prove it by coming here safely from my apartment.”

Anba could only nods while looking at Takumi anxiously.

“Azuri, come with me outside while keep holding her.”

It is a simple instruction but Takumi didn’t know if it will works to Azuri. Afterall she could speak. Takumi then look out first for other zombie while waiting for Azuri to come out.

“Oni.. Chan…”

Azuri comes out but she walks slowly. Anba also approaches him.

“Brother, Azuri is…”

“I have told you to wait inside. Anyway, who is she? The one Azuri is holding.”

“It’s the tea ceremony club president.”

Yu is the one answering on behalf of Anba. They finally returned from their shocked state.

“If that’s the case I will release her in a remote area.”

“What, isn’t that dangerous Onii-chan?”

“Don’t worry. Trust me. You two wait here alright.”

Takumi strokes her head and comes out of the tea house with Azuri. After they moved pretty far from the tea house, he check their surrounding to make sure nobody is around.

“Azuri that’s enough. You could release her.”

When she heard that, her grip lossened. If it was any other human, the club president could jumped and attack him. Because there’s only Takumi and Azuri, she stayed still too.

“Alright, please stay here.”

Takumi first go to examine Azuri. He reaffirm that her eyes is red. There’s a bite scar on the arm. He concludes that indeed she has turned into a zombie. Her face also expresionless. However, there’s something that makes her special.

“Oni…chan..”

She can speak. She could repeat her words instead of zombie’s meaningless groan voice.

She also keep calling him brother. It is indicatung that Azuri is able to recognized him. Judging from zombie could do instruction based on their habit when still alive, it is possible that she retained her memory when she is still alive.

“Hey, are you perharps still have your consciousness Azuri?”

Takumi grab her shoulder and asked. However she is just looking at him with a blank expression.

“If you are still have your consciousness please nod. If your understand my words, please nod.”

Takumi is waiting for her reply with expectation however she keep silent.

“This is bad.”

Takumi is feeling sad. Just thinking he couldn’t see her carefree smile again, tears come out naturally.

He first want to check his family safety and neglects it while he is playing around. If only he search for them sooner. He who was keeping of his own safety inside his room. He blamed himself. If only he decided to leave his apartment one day earlier.

However the milk has been spilled. Nothing can change the flow of time.

“Onii….. Chan….”

Takumi surprised by Azuri. She was gripping his body and making sure that he couldn’t flee. She move her hand towards his nether area and gently stroking his private trough the fabric.

“Oni..chan….”

Altough zombie didn’t attacked him, sometimes zombie just come running after him. He didn’t know their intention. As long as he remember. Many woman zombie is trying to approach him with unknown intention. He didn’t instructed them and asked them to stand still. Maybe if he didn’t stop them they are going to do what Azuri is doing right now.

What Azuri is doing right now…

She was…

“That’s not good. Azuri.. Stop!”

Hearing his words, Azuri stopped.

“Is that.. What they’re trying to do is….. But I’m not sure. For now, Azuri, wait here.”

Takumi wiped his forehead eventhough he is not sweatinf. But his heart is beating hard. He has to shift his gaze and it fall not far from her.

There’s a beautiful girl. She is not pretty as Anba or Azuri but still pretty. Maybe it was because her blank face. If only she was normal, she could steal many man heart.

“Come here…”

From days before, Takumi noticed that his sexual desire is abnormal. Just by a simple touch from Azuri, it was already hard, cramped in his pants and painful.

“It would be bad if I comes up like this in front of Anba and Kisaragi.”

If Anba and Kisaragi saw the tent in his pants, what would their reaction be?

“Azuri, sit down and face the other way.”

With takumi instruction, she turned her bosy and sit down.

After he said that, he drag Terashima and make her kneel.

A zombie that go to the same school as her sister. Altough he feel guilty but at the same time his lust is uncontrolable.

She unleashed the uncomfortable feeling in his pants.

“Please give me a fellatio.”

He only said that. It is also to determine wether she have sexual knowledge or not. Afterall the elementary student couldn’t completed this.

“Slurp..”

Takumi is now sucked and a vulgar sound is made in the process. She was taking it all deep and then let it out. Putting it in again then letting it out. It was called Hyottoko Blow.

While it was planted deep, her tingue is swirling. Sending shivers to Takumi.

“Sploch..”

As she took it out, she put it in again with a slurping sound because of the wetness from saliva. It was slimy and a chill wind can be feel when it was taken out and wind blew on it.

“You did a good job.”

Takumi don’t want to go back to the tea house this early. He need to take care of something that is standing up. He pushed Terashima towards a tree and bend her back. Her hand is touching the trees while her bottom is facing Takumi. Her privates is already wet. No matter how many times Takumi saw it, he still feel amazed.

Without waiting, in one movement, he planted it deep.

For students from all female private school, only low number of students have a boyfriend. Whatsmore engaged in sexual activity. This is the first time, her privates recieved a man.

“Ugh… This tightness…”

Feels like a child’s. He remember the elementary student’s and she was on the same level of tightness. However, every time he move, it is as if sucking him in.

“Sploch.. Sploch…”

Takumi gets nore excited than usual. Her waist and leg even lifted from the ground at some thrust.

It was wet and wrapping Takumi’s completely.

The feeling of it sucking in, tightening and wetness, it won’t be long before Takumi reach his limit.

“Ugh… I’m at my limit..”

He is on the edge.. However, his eyes saw Azuri is watching him doing indecent things.

“Azuri….”

The moment he said that, he released white liquid vigorously inside. He pull it out quickly at the sight of his sister but it makes a mess out of it. It was running down on his member.

Takumi feel numb while the warm white fluid is running down and Azuri with blank expression approaching.

She kneeled infront of him and as if there’s a magnet, she is attracted to Takumi’s nether area.

“Smooch..”

Unlike before, this time it was a feeling of tongue running over. Licking white fluid gently. When it finally enters the mouth..

It was warm… Different from the coldness earlier. It enhance the pleasure he is feeling.

“Slurp… Oni… Chan… Slurp..”

Takumi is greeted by a gentle voice. He grabbed her shoulder naturally and without any force in it.

After a couple minutes, he is already ‘cleaned’ and Azuri took it out from her mouth.

“Azuri..”

However, Azuri keep silent…

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        When Takumi returns to the tea house, Anba and Yu was welcoming Takumi with a relieved look. It’s a feeling of having a reliable family member.

“I don’t think other zombie will come. I also have released the club president.”

Actually on the way he already instructed all the zombie in the area.

“Don’t come to the tea house no matter what.”

After that Takumi said to Anba. “It’s about Azuri, I think we need to accept the fact that she has become a zombie.”

Anba wanted to cry out loud but she is affraid that it will attract more zombie. Then Takumi softly talk to her ear.

“I know a little bit about zombie. This is the first time I saw zombie that could talk. I don’t know if she still have her consciousness. I really have no clue but there may be hope.”

Azuri was outside of the tea house and taking role as a lookout. However there’s not really important since Takumi already ordered the zombie.

“It is also important that she was not attacked by the club president and not attacking you.”

Takumi couldn’t make any conclusion because the lack of information.

Azuri didn’t attacked them maybe because her memory of them is already planted deep since childhood. Because they could still maintain their memory when still alive, it is safe to make an assumption.

However there is an info about a man attacking his own family. In this case, Azuri didn’t attack them but helped them.

“Azuri is a zombie but she is not like the others. I want you to keep treating her as usual. She is our family.”

Anba and Yu nodded to his words. Yu is not a family but is a childhood friend of Azuri. She have a deep years of relationship of her and have no problem treating Azuri as her family.

“However there may be problems in the future. Her eyes is red like the others zombie. We don’t know how other will treat her.”

The biggest problem that Takumi think of right now is the possibilities of Azuri attacking others that is not friend or family. She may attacked them but he should try it out anyway.

“In other words, the existence of Azuri is a secret. Anba, besides me and Kisaragi-san, don’t talk about Azuri to anyone.”

Anba and Yu nodded.

“If some life threathening situation occurs, I will take care of it.”

Takumi was thinking on what will happened to the world in the future. Will zombie overcome mankind? Will humanity perished eventually?

For now there’s no need for Takumi to care about his normal life. It was alright just to be alive, keep on surviving in this circumstances. Altough there will be more problem living in these environment.

“Onii-san.. What will we do noe?”

“First, I want to check mother and father condition. I will take the bike so it will takes around 30 minutes. I’ll go right now.”

“What about us?”

“As long as you’re hiding here, under the flooring and didn’t make any sound you will be safe. Azuri is also here.”

The two of them was found out under the flooring because Azuri is letting out a groan while transformed into a zombie. As long she keep silent, they are safe. Also the surrounding zombie has been instructed to not nearing the place. It was a safe place to stay.

“Azuri older brother…” Yu voice was trembling.

Yu look at him as a reliable man. If he leaves, it’s like she will have a sense of crisis coming in.

“It’s Hiiro Takumi. You can call me any way you want.”

“Well.. Onii-sama.”

Takumi was surprised a little. Anba calls him “Onii-san”, Azuri calls him “Onii-chan”. This is the first time he was called “Onii-sama”.

“Onii-sama, please call me by my first name.”

“Is that so? Yu-chan then?”

“Yes!”

Yu was smiling a little but it was not a sincere smile.

“Onii-sama, will you come back for me?”

“Of course. I will come back as soon as possible. If I met some problem on the way I may come back in the evening. You keep hiding here okay. I’ll call out for you when I return.”

He also said not to get out if it wasn’t him who come. He also left half of his food for then. Takumi began pedalling his bicycle towards his home afterwards.

“This is terrible.”

Takumi arrived at the town that he had once lived. It wasn’t a luxurious residential area but this place is packed. It’s a dense population area. Zombies scattering around, abandoned car all over the place and unpleasant smell coming to the nose. It must be coming from the corpse but he does not bother to look for the smell source.

When he lived as university student till now, he haven’t got a chance to get back. The landscape of his hometown brings him to a nostalgia.

“I can’t be sentimental here.”

He continued his journey towards home. Naturally the light on the house is all turned off.

The houses door are broken. He even found a familiar face.

“Nishizuka-san..”

It was a housewife that lives in the neighborhood.

(TL note; too bad we don’t have MILF scene here)

He keep walking and he recognize their faces.

“Damn..”

He finally arrived at his house and took out a key to open the door. It is still locked. His parents may still alive. He was entering with expectation.

“…!”

In the living room, the window is broken. The sight of his mother favourite garden can be seen. At that same time a wind blowing in from outside bringing rotten smell. He dazed while walking forward.

It’s there…

His mother corpse.

The body has been missing half of it. Maggots were wriggling from the belly. Takumi ran out to the toilet and throw up. He keep on letting out a grieving tone.

He keep imagining his mother last breathe. He only hopes she doesn’t suffer too much.

At first he want to cover his mother using futon and cremated her but it could burn the house as well. At the least, he will burried her at the garden which she loves.

He erected a grave and lifted his prayer.

He cleaned the fragments of glass in the living room using vacuum cleaner. It attracts zombie but he askes them to go away. He cleaned blood stain and trying to restore the house to its original condition. After cleaning, he looked for his father. There is a massage on the answering machine but not from his father. He then left a note.

“I was with Azuri and Anba. I burried mother in the garden. If you saw this message, please go to this destination.”

He finished and pick up a flower from the vase. Put it in front of hia mother grave and clasped his hand together. He gives his prayer again before leaving.

He was sad.. He is too late too save his mother but relieved that she doesn’t becomes a zombie. Zombie invasion, maybe in the future the survivor will find a weapon to fight back. Dying instead of becoming a zombie maybe the only way to keep the dignity as human beings. Afterall there is no guarantee that a cure will ever developed.

Becoming a mindless zombie that roamed aimlessly. It was a sorry sight, he remembered about Azuri and he feel sad.

Even if she was a zombie, he is stil her brother. He need to protect her no matter what. But how? Takumi didn’t think about the future. He need to start thinking seriously. With such determination he returned to school.

He returned to the tea house and tell Anba everything. Anba was shocked, crying and clung to Takumi. She was prepared but it still hurt her heart. Seeing Anba, Takumi feel he was powerless and useless as a brother.

Then Takumi go with Yu to her home. If her family still alive, it would be great. It was only fivr minutes walk and he left Anba with Azuri in the tea house. This time, the zombie doesn’t attacked Yu which is with Takumi. But he didn’t realized that. Soon they arrived at Yu’s home.

Yu was frantic. She hurriedly entered the house and attacked by her mother. Thankfully Takumi was abke to stop her. However the shock of Yu is big. They returned back and Yu was hugged by Anba gently. There she cries till her tears dry out. Seeing Yu, Anba cried again and they cried so hard until they fall tired and asleep.

Takumi carried them down and lay them on the tatami. He decided to take a guard duty. He was sleepy but he want to keep these two safe. He decided to make a safe house, a base.

“For now I may try making the school as a safe zone.”

He was sitting on the outside of the tea house while thinking. He may make a clear floor of the school and let zombies roam around at the bottom as a guard to prevent new zombie coming. However how can he keep his ability hidden?

(TL note: it seemed the two girl haven’t known about his ability, only the fact that he is good at surviving)

He have no problem revealing it to Anba. But to Yu, she is still a stranger for him. He shouldn’t let others know about this. He can abandoned Yu but she was his sisters friend, what’s more she was a close friend of Azuri.

“What do you think I should do Azuri?”

Takumi sit next to Azuri and gaze to the distance. He was surprised when someone called him out. Of course it was not Azuri who look at him with blank stare. It was Yu who came out of the tearoom.

“You are not sleeping?” Yu was sitting in front of Takumi. Her eyes were shaking as if she was lost. She was also scared but seemed to want to do something.

(TL note: oh no! Could she be offering her body to him? She may get anxious that she was not his family and do it as a return for protection? Hahaha… Author-sama please give us a good scene)

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Yu expression is grim. In a short period of time the zombie apocalypse occurred, a close friend has turned into one. Takumi also experienced being attacked by his mother so he know the feelings. His younger sister also turned into a zombie but he couldn’t show anxiety as an adult of 24 years old.

Takumi also feel sad with various things inside his mind.

“We.. What should we do now? ”

Yu asked but Takumi knows that right now no one in this world could answer that.  Still the feeling of wanting to hear something relieving is there.

” Now we’re going to survive. The 3 of us, no 4. There is also the fence and because it was high they couldn’t look inside. In other words it is reducing the risk of zombie approaching. ”

Because it was a princess school, the fence is high to prevent crime from outsiders. It also prevented zombje from the outside. Altough it wasn’t a fort but it was sufficient. Still there is a danger of zombies attacking Anba and Yu could be eliminated by Takumi.

” because this tea house is secluded from the main building, the possibility of zombies coming here is even lower. Thanks to that I think we could survive.

Still Takumi need to do something about Azuri. He couldn’t stay forever here.

“But if there is no more food, we couldn’t stayed forever. ”

” I know what you’re trying to say. We couldn’t stayed here too long. We need to find a better and secure location from time to time. ”

Japan have some facilities and shelter that the JSDF used as a base and set up a perimeter. However the number is small and the main reason Takumi doesn’t want to go there is because of Azuri.

” I will get some food from the convenience store and supermarket. Since i’m used to it, I will do it as soon as possible. ”

The main concern is securing food. In the future vegetables and livestock will be reduced more and more. Now he also need to feed Anba and Yu. He also didn’t know if he could do some farming. Because of the zombie apocalypse, he still doesn’t know if the soil is contaminated. There is also a chance that the animal may become the zombie virus carrier or turned into a zombie animal. So for now vegetables and livestock is not a safe source of food.

Altough drinking water is also dangerous, but Yu and Anba have drinked tap water because they were locked down in the tea house. Luckily they didn’t get infected but from now on we will try to drink distilled bottled water or boiling them.

“It was just a basic plan but you can leave it to me. If you believe in me I’ll try my best to protect Yu-chan. ”

As Takumi words is lacking any support, it can be considered as consolation only for Yu. However it could bring some hope for Yu.

” I will rely on you then Onii-sama. ”

” leave it to me. ”

Takumi make a strong pose to show his muscle by bending his left arm upward and tapped it with his right hand. Altough it wasn’t muscular but it was a good pose .

” Oh, Yu-chan, is there a map of this school? I may want to check out some things. ”

” Well,  there is one in the student handbook. ” Yu from her breast locket took out a student handbook and pass it to Takumi.

Takumi nods while looking at the map.

” Are you going to search the school? ”

” Yes.. I will. ”

Yu then clung to the arm of Takumi.

” it’s useless! Are the students have become zombies, just from the number alone it was dangerous.. ”

Takumi releases her hand gently and make a clumsy smile.

” It’s alright. I have a lot of experience. I’ve done this many times,  and.. ”

Takumi wouldn’t be attacked by zombie. Even when walking with Yu to her house,  no zombie is even opening their mouth. The only danger is from Yu’s mother. It also gives her some trauma.

” If the situation gets back I will back down. ”

Takumi somehow convinced Yu and them explore the school building.

Takumi firstly dispatched the zombie along the way to the school gate. He ordered not to let other zombie comes in. If the zombie in the gate is a lot, it is also reducing the number of human coming in. Rather than adding more human, using zombie is more efficient,  no time,  effort, or resources spent. It also have intimidating effect.

While doing so, he has reached his destination. There are rooms that he want to check. The infirmary , computer room, shower room. The infirmary and shower room is on first floor while the computer room is on the second floor.

When he nearing the school buding,  the number of zombies indeed increases. In a mixed of middle and high school, it exceed a thousand easoly.

The building he visit is the high school and should have around six hundreds people. Taking into consideration that it was lunch time and the majority is in the cafeteria, maybe three hundreds zombies are inside. However he also didn’t know how muh turned into a zombie and how much dies like his mother.

Takumi will be busy regardless.

First, he cleared the first floor from zombie. He saw two bed in the infirmary, it could be used for Anba and Yu.

Then hr goes around each classroom, cleared zombie until the third floor of counseling room. Most of the zombie was in the classroom and he ordered them to clean up the dead body. He ordered the dead to be carried to the flower beds. He wanted to give them lroper burial but he needs to find a scoop and waste a lot of time so he refrain from doing that.

When the sky is turning bright, he already finished organizing the zombie inside. There is also no survivors found in the process. He thought maybe someone barricaded the roof but there is only three zombie on top.

He went back to the infirmary. There is no shutter but it makes him able to see the schoolyard. Looking at his work, he feel satisfied in organizing the zombies.

“This is amazing. ”

He then decided to go to the counseling room. He have prepared a reward for himself.

Inside the room, the desks and chairs have been gathered in one place making it wide enough for 18 schoolgirls zombie. They all naked just with a word from Takumi. He loves seeing them in sailor suit but the desire to see them naked is bigger.

The eighteen girls, no one dyed their hair. Their breast were is different sizes but no one have a bad figures. There are some mark of being bitten by zombie but other than that their skin was smooth. Furthermore the eighteen girls were carefully picked by Takumi.

“Every single one of them is beautiful indeed. ”

When it comes to this, no one have better knowledge of what to do. Takumi was naked and he ordered the girls to circled him, lined up, and kneeled down. Opening their mouth and given an instruction to lick the ice candy.

It was a wierd instruction but everyone of them realize what he mean. They were waiting with their mouth opens, waiting for him. It increased his lust.

He stand in front of the most beautiful girl first. Se has a thick eyebrows and her face is turning into an adult charm with a hint of childishnes remained. With long hair flowing down to her waist, it was a long-haired beauty. He doesn’t bothered to find out her name. He want tk know something better.

He stick his member in her mouth. Slowly cold tongue began to lick Takumi’s. She pull it out while sucking and pulling in while moving her tongue. Each time, a sensual sound of splashing water resounded.

“It wasn’t that good .. ”

It was like a bees trying to find the best petal out of the eighteen flowers. Of course he was the bee. He took it out from the long haired  beauty mouth but she pull Takumi back by the waist. He decided to hit the girl lightly in the forehead. It caused her to released him and in a backwards arch, when it was disconnected, a water stream like a spider thread was spit out.

He then look for another flower. It was an intellectual beauty in glasses. She has bangs in front and her back hair is shoulder length. He named her chairman zombie. Chairman swallow him slowly. Her cheeks was like a balloon, swells and she lick the tip little by little.

“Whoa.. This is unexpected.. ”

The feel of his member touches the innerside of her mouth is new but the sight of swelling cheek was amazing. It clearly shows that her mouth is being tainted.

The third one is a girl with curly short hair. Cute, and her posture was athletic. He then calls her as athlete. Athlete, is squeezing her mouth and causing her cheek to inflates. She used it to move it out and in.

“It was unfamiliar feeling.. But not bad. ”

Feeling a little unsatisfied with her movement, he move his hips until it reached her throat. If it was normal human she may be gagged but since it was zombie, he doesn’t have to worry. He pull it out while massaging her slightly small chest.

The fourth one hair is semi-long, slightly drooping eyes but her breast was large. She has a grown up look that makes you feel calm. He called her big sister . From the girls she have an older sister feel. However the calm face is turning wild.

When he put it in,  strong sucking sound is heard. Her hand was playing wild in his bottom. Her tongue is crawling as if alive. It was one of the best.

*slurp*

“She… Amazing… ”

His lust is now sky-high from threr girl’s mouth earlier. Under this big sister vortex mouth and skillful tongue, he want to let it out.

” She is experienced. I was decieved by her appearance, she is a slut. ”

Big sister name was revised into slut. Even when he take it out, she wasn’t willing to let go. He was unexpectedly let it out.

However when he take it out, it wasn’t softened. His sexual desire in the past few days were abnormal.

The fifth one is a small girl with glasses, the moment he saw her he called  her litterature girl. Her expressionless face is normal but when she was alive it may send a cold beauty vibe. Fearful to even look at her.

Her mouth was amazing. She took it in fast and released it slowly. It was a strong pressure that wrapped him completely. She is drowning him in pleasure.

*slurp*

“Such amazing and deep… ”

*slurp*

He need to take it out fast before it was too late. He then move to the next.

The sixth one is the smallest. Her hair was really short like a kappa. He was surprised to knoe that she was on the third grade of high school. He named her kappa. She was only taking the tip and kisssing it while using her hand to stimulate the rest.

*smooch smooch*

The kiss stimulation is comparable to a normal fellatio but it was different.

“ugh.. This is good.. ”

Takumi stroking her head showing his satisfaction. He then decided to move on.

The seventh and eighth girl was twin. They are identical and indistinguishable. The only differences is one hair tailed on the right and the other on the left. He will call them right and left tail.

“Do it together.. ”

Takumi stand between them and put his hand behind their head. Leading them to his lower half. The two girls began to lick his left and right side. Their tongue crawling and the feeling was enhanced. Altough it wasn’t the first time being serviced by two people at the same time but their identical face increased the excitement.

Takumi member is now hard and numb.

The ninth one is like a noble princess. The skin was fair but the glossy hair and strong eyes glowing. Hair falls to her chest with fluddy wave starting from around the cheek. Nicely trimmed bangs shows her young beauty. He called him princess from her looks.

Takumi rammed it in inside her mouth.  She doesn’t have any resistance and she isn’t using her tongue. Maybe she is inexperienced.  However nasty sound resounded from his fast hip movement.

Her salive was dripping, leaking and overflowing to the floor.

“Huff. Huf..  Aaah… ”

The sight of his member shiny because of the saliva is visually erogenous. The feeling of coming out and in inside her mouth is like having sex itself. He pushed it deep inside her and spit out his white liquid. The amount was too much for her to swallow.

“Haah.. Haaa.. That was good.. ”

He is stroking the princess head and neck.

” That was nine.. Finally half of it.. ”

There are still a lot of mouth open and kneeling. Half done but still half more to go.

He finished with the rest of them and let it out twice more on the second round. Finally he feel a little bit fatigued.

He ordered the girls to clean their mouth and finally when it was finished he left the school and returned to the tea house.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi returned to the tea house and Anba with Yu already asleep. He also confirmed that Azuri is guarding the tea house at the entrance. He then decides to go to the facilities around the school .

He go to the second gymnasium. He goes from another passage extending from the school main building.  There is no zombie on sight but Takumi proceed eith cautious. He want to make sure the road to the infirmary and the second gymnasium is safe.

“Woah.. The shower room is bigger than I expected. ”

Altough it was a private bath, but it could hold up to six people at the same time.

When the gym class is over, it eliminates the possibility of you lining up to take a shower before the next class.

He checked that the hot water is still running then checked the inside of the gymnasium. It was lunch break when the zombie apocalypse occured. Ten zombies in gym clothes is found. Fortunately there is no corpse anywhere. Then he choose some that he like to go to the counseling room and the others to the classroom.

“It ends quicker than I thought. ”

He secured the second gymnasium then heads to the basketball field.

He played around and take a distance of half the field. He throw the ball and it flew foreard with unexpected speed. Before, he didn’t have enough strength to throw a three pointer. Right now, the ball thrown with one hand is missing the board but hit the wall vigorously. The soumd of ball bouncing around even echoes with a loud bang.

“Is my body becomes stronger? ”

He take the ball again an tried to do a dunk.

This time he jumped and with ease he surpassed chest height.

” I feel that I’m not a human anymore…  What am I? ”

He goes back to the shower room and look at the mirror hurriedly.

Thanks God tha his pupil isn’t red in the slightest. He atares himself in the mirror and remained silent for a while.  His face is still normal. Then he shook his head.

” I am Hiiro Takumi. I am human… ”

Then he finished his work before the noon. He then lead Anba and Yu.

At first they were affraid but he guaranteed their safety. They walked with Takumi and surprised not even a zombie come into their sight.

” I have found a secure pathway since the zombie is at distant area. It is safe. ”

The two delighted to saw some bed in the infirmary. It was’t bad sleeping on the tatami but a bed is wat better.

” we will move here in a few days and make it our base. If you want to go to the toilet, I can accompany you. If not, always go there with two people, never alone. When yoj finished, quickly returned back. ”

Takumi knows the school is a good place as a base and convenient, the two girls just nod in agreement.

Now, he wanted to secure food. There is no cooking facilities in the infirmary. It was possible to cook noodles with some electric kettle but it is unhealthy to keep eating instant noodle.

They could use the cooking chamber in another building if he tried to extend their range of movement.  However it is still dangerous for the girls. It wasn’t a problem if he moved alone but he is with Anba and Yu. Anba is his littlr sister and as an adult he need to protect Yu.

Because there is so much to do so his actions is limited.  Anyway, now he need to keep the girls physical condition on check. Their heart takes some damaged and cracked mentally, so he need to stabilize and cheer them.

He wanted to lift their spirit by letting them take a shower.

“Whoa.. Shower.. ”

” Thank you brother.. Even in this situation, my body can really use this to stay beautiful. ”

It was normal because they haven’t take a bath for five days. Using cloth and water to wipe the body still have a limit. They also didn’t use any soap so they are affraid if there is a smell.

” I’ll keep guard at the entrance. If there’s something wrong just shout and I’ll come in. ”

(TL note: sorry guys the author said this chapter is for building mood. Keep your dirty thoughts for the next chapter lol)

It was Anba, Yu and Azuri that comes in. Anba takes care of her although she is now a zombie. She wanted to clean her important sister.

Soap, shanpoo, rubbing scrub, is all there. The two girls is smiling a little to be able to remove the dirt from their body after a long time.

“..? ”

Anba undressed Azuri but she noticed something. Anba and Yu body started to smell but Azuri didn’t have a body odor at all.

She was thinking that zombie should be smelly and rotten. Her skin doesn’t smell even after four days and the skin was beautiful. Anba skin on the other hand has  been rougher than usual because of the tension and stress. The wound from the zombie also isn’t visible if not for some dry blood. She doesn’t look different at all compared to the usual. However when they take the shower together, the expressionless Azuri makes her feel a little bit of sadness.

The girls even washed their underwear using the shower. Because there isn’t a washing machine, they did it with hand and using soap. Dirty underwear was a serious matter for girl. Since they didn’t have any spare underwear, they wear nothing until it dried.

(TL note: oh no.. No pantsu in the next chapter?)

Then they decided to wear jersey for the moment. They took it from the school necessity shop however they feel guilt for not paying.

“It’s just an emergency situation. In the future you can pay if the situation is better. ”

He also need something to deceive them and gives hope. After the girls finished, it was Takumi turn to take shower.

Then they turn back to the infirmary to sleep. Takumi also take a short nap. He was told to take more sleep by Anba but three hours is all he need. After three hours he feel bis strength has recovered and his physical condition is good. Then he tried to look for information from his smartphonr. He take his charger with him so he doesn’t have to worry about the battery level.

He also asked for the computer password from the girls. It was easier to look information from PC on the second floor than using phones.

The three of them then look for the state of world. Tokyo, zombie, and any useful information. Hoeever it was progressing slowly. The new thing Takumi find out is that the chance of being turned into a zombie is bigger on woman. Altough no precise statistic but it seemed that it was true.

The chances of man turned into a zombie is lower and more likely to be a corpse. Takumi nods and remember what he saw. It was definitely true. The corpses is a man’s most of the time.

Since Takumi always looking for a lot of zombie with good appearance, he noticed that there is a lot of women zombie than men.

The men zombie said to be abnormal and will mutated. Some said about a muscular zombie with abnormal strength. Mutation only occured on man zombie. However the debate is still not convincing without proven theory.

On the other hand, on forums, people is coming to their end. Food stock has been running out. There are some people trying to secure food during the day with such hardship.

Anba and Yu seeing such writing feel lucky. The worst isn’t happened to them. However it happened on earth, despair and hopeless.

Then, Takumi went outside gathered some food and drinks from thr convenience store. Even some underwear. Anba and Yu then began to learn tk appreciate for Takumi work.

Anba have a strong feeling of respect for her brother that “she could rely on”. Yu also started to see him in a different light.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Ps:this time it was highly dangerous. Please don’t read it if you have a weak heart.

It was the sixth night of the apocalypse. While Anba and Yu is sleeping, Takumi moves out.

He walk around the school vicinity to confirm if there is no zombie around. Then he go to a nearby convenience store to find food. It was almost empty. There must be other survivor too.

There was corpses of zombie around. Maybe the survivor put up some resistance. Takumi was a bit happy for the fact that there are other survivor.

However food will be the next problem but Takumi could move around at night leisurely different from regular human. He didn’t take too much. Just eough to fill his backpack. He didn’t move back and forth to emptied it. It wasn’t a kindness but trying to see if other people could survive in this situation using their own ability.

If he took all the food for his survival only, he feel guilty. If he lost in greed, he may won’t forgive himself.

We don’t know how long we could keep raiding convenience store. Because the supply was finite. There will be the limit in the future.

“At the least I will take only what we needed.”

He is back to school while thinking such thing. After confirmong that the two girls were asleep, he go to the room next to it to store his luggage. Afterwards he move to the third floor to channels his libido. Once again a banquet in the counseling room will happen.

The number of girls have been increased by one from eighteen to nineteen. It’s a strange spectacle to see everyone was stark naked. Of course this time the party won’t ended by mouth service only.

(tL note: ohohohoh are you ready? Keep your junior in place or let him free! Please be prepared)

This time the girls were lined up. Just the sight of nineteen naked girls lined up is arousing. In the middle of the room, a soft mat used in gymnastic class has been prepared.

“Alright, you are the first one! ”

It was a girl with semi-long hair, big breast and slighlty drooping eyes. Her nickname is big sister which then revised to slut because her amazing fellatio technique.

She is suitable for a warm-up. Her bug breast is bell shaped rather than the ordinary round. The front facing marbles on her chest was curved up like a mountain. It appear to be sagging but the tension of youth keep it in its place, it might be caused by the size.

He touched her skin and the feel of something cold is transmitted. It wasn’t sticky with sweat nor dried up, but the tenderness may surpass ordinary human. He continued rubbing and massaging her chest. He didn’t caused the shape to be distorted, moreover the softness and suppleness can still be felt. The marbles on her chest is pale pink and some part are hidden. Takumi pinched a bit using his finger to reveal the remaining parts.

When he touched it, slut’s body trembles a little.  Altough zombie under his order won’t move, but sometimes sexual stimulation will cause them to somehow react.

“It is wet after all.. ”

His hand is now already on her nether area. For a human, it will be warm. But for zombie it is onky lukewarm water, like a pool in the middle of summer.

Takumi wanted to enter his finger before something stopped him.

” This is?! ”

He was surprised then ordered slut to spread her leg. There is a thin membrane which is giving a proof of her unexplored body. It was a thin layer of white membrane and Takumi know what it is.

” She is still a virgin? How can she be so experienced in giving a head? ”

His manhood immediately react. The term of high school, girl, and virgin when connected together will make any healthy man to directly imagining wild things.

He ordered her to lay down and prepared himself. He is entering her slowly and carefully cope a feel of breaking the hymen.

He is now inside her but it was still tight.

“Sorry, but now slut isn’t the right name to call you. I’ll call you erotic student! ”

We’re now is missionary position. Her expressionless face when swallowing all of my member inside her is contrassing to her lower half which is tightening and slowly adapting to the new intruder. It was wet and I feel a deep sensation like this could get me addicted.

“Sploch.. Sploch… ”

I started to move like a piston and enjoyed the damp sound. I hold her waist while looking ay her face. Altough it was expressionless but it was still a sight to behold.

” Put your hands behind my neck. ”

At the voice of Takumi, erotic student arms opened slowly and hugging his neck as if he was her lover. It makes Takumi lower body becomes increasingly hot. The tension is rising and her lower member is enveloping his completely. He is starting to feel her lower mouth is massaging and as if it was alive, it is sending strong waves of pleasure.

“This is dangerous.. The feeling.. ”

Then finishing touch was when Takumi feel that something is sucking from deep inside her. In a sudden he was forced to release his white liquid inside her. It was shot deep down into her.

” This child tecnique is really amazing.. How could she be this experienced while being inexperienced at the same time? ”

He is now sinking in pleasure and gives her a satisfaction smile.

When he takes it out, it hasn’t soften a bit. How could he? Afterall infront of him eighteen remaining girls is ready.

The next in line is the twins. He ordered them to show their bottom to him by crawling on all four. The inky difference between them is the alignment of their hair tail. One is to the right and one to the left. Their lovely lower mouth is secreting slovenly love juice.

Without wait he inserted it into the right sided hair tail in doggy style. There’s a feeling of breaking the hymen so he need to stop a bit. The tightening muscle is still adjusting. In the mean time, he explored her smooth and skin back using his arm. His hand finally rested on her waist before lifting it up a little bit so he could enter his thing fully inside her.

He take it out and do the same thing to her twins. The left sided hair tail gives him a similar feelings. However the left sided tail is more tight while the right side tail is more soft and enveloping.

To enjoy the difference, he inserted alternately between the two.

He did it while holding their breast on his arm. The size was smaller than his palm and he was dissapointed a bit. However when his hand pinched the pink marbles, their lower mouth is wrapping him like a glue.

“It is tightening like crazy! ”

The sight was amazing. Everytime he go in and out inside the twins, some love juices was leaking and fall down to the floor. A small puddle of love juice is formed below them.

It is arousing him and sending Takumi near his limit.

” ugh… I’m coming… ”

He send his own love juice inside the left side tail but before he ran out of it, he put it in inisde the right side tail. It wasn’t as tight as her twins but the enveloping feeling is slowly sucking out the remaining. When he takes it out, he enjoyed seeing the view of his white liquid leaking out from the two.

Then he moves towards the zombie he found in the gym. She has short hair which cover her ears and the bangs hid her eyebroes. Her eyed was large and shr is taller than Takumi. She could be a basketball team member so she will be named basketball girl or basket for short.  (tl note: his naming sense is godclass lol)

She was tall so the curves of her waist can be seen perfectly. Her bottom was quite large but her breast is smaller than hr have hoped. But she was cute so it doesn’t matter.

Takumi lie down on the mat and asked her for mouth service. Afterall three people wjll soften his member. Her cute appearance and the erotic sight of her sucking him is incredible.

It doesn’t takes long before his member become hard again with the sound of wet licking sound.

Takumi is lying down and ordered her to do the rest. Altough she failed to put it in for several time, but when she succeed, her expression is priceless. She was gaping and blinking for several times when her waist has been seated. He is glad that they are all zombie. If they are still alive, he doesn’t know how long it takes before they stop feeling hurt from the first time receiving his hard thing.

He is trying to move  his hip before deciding that it is better to let her do the rest. She put both of her hands on Takumi chest and moves her hips. She is like dancing on top of her. Everytime he moves back and forth, his member penetrated into her deepest part. Takumi could feel that it wasn’t being wrapped by the feeling , it almost becomes a pinching feeling.

Her athletic body caused her to be able to tighten her muscle tightly. And accompanying her movements, the thightening was being done with a constant rhythm. She was moving without being tired and she is trying hard to gives him pleasure.

(tl note: this last part… Darn the author!)

While such spectacle unfolds, outside the counseling room, stood a figure. Yu is looking at that with a hushed breath. She wake up in the middle of the night because she wanted to pee. However seeing Takumi moved somewhere, she followed him out of curiosity. She didn’t hesitate to followed him upstairs.

She saw him entered the counselling room and she doesn’t back down. She only pushed the door open a bit so she could peek inside and unnoticed by Takumi.

In the darkness, she saw nineteen naked girls. She saw what he done and as if she is forgetting how to breath, she saw Takumi climaxed again inside the basketball girl. Takumi voice which is full of pleasure resounded on her ears.

Without knowing that someone is watching him, Takumi is going to enjoy the rest of the girls.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        I wonder how much time has passed.

More than a dozen girl lie down on the floor with white liquid flowing down inbetween their legs. Takumi feel endless vitality, although the interval between climax has been short but his lust never subsided.

The next target is a zombie nicknamed literature girl. With skin fair white and cute face wearing glasses. They are in a position called lotus. Where their chest touched each other but no movement can be seen. The first try was unsuccessful due to how tight it is. Therefore they just hugged each other, waiting for love juices to smoothen the operation.

“A….. ”

The literature girl groaned a bit when Takumi tried to move. Takumi could clearly hear her. The expressionless voice, a cold breath sensation on his shoulder, the feeling of the body which is deprived of heat, it was a pleasant feeling as if embracing a cold pillow.

“It is so comfortable hugging you. What’s more down there is very tight but wet. ”

When he said that, her lower mouth tighten. He doesn’t know if she reacted to his words or not but it is enough to bring him to the end.

The next target is long haired beauty. She has oriental beauty and if there is a pamphlet of the school, she will be the model. He doesn’t need long to recover. The excitement of tasting this beauty bring him back from soft to hard.

He entered her on missionary position. It becomes normal for him to break hymen now. Afterall of the dozen girls, they are all still virgin. He lift one of her leg and continue to move. Altough the feeling was a little cold bot it was unique and Takumi was completely addicted to it. More than that, the feeling of superiority of ravaging young and cute woman driving him mad.

*jupp**jupp*

This obscene sound can be heard and the girl is now gasping. Takumi clearly hear her and then he grabbed her waist. He lifted her waist a little bit to be able to move faster.

His movement caused the body of long haired beauty to move up and down. Her chest was following the rhythm and swaying with her. Just looking at the erotic scene motivating Takumi further.

*gutchu… Nuppuchu.. Junudju… *

“sploch.. Sploch.. ”

The obscene sound was resounded because his beast like movement.

All the girls lower mouth have different feeling. They have their unique traits. The shape, tightness, wetness, narrowness, while remembering all of that Takuni released his liquid into her deepest part.

Next is the smallest girl. Takumi have had it with elementary students but she doesn’t seemed to be bigger than them. She must be a junior high school student first grader. However her large chest clearly show that her body is developed. Her cuteness also makes her look like a doll.

Takumi only took the beauty and cute child for his partner. Of course it was obvious and it could clearly boosted his desire.

When he entered her petite body, he was surprised.

“what is this? ”

Something inside her seemed to be sucking him. It was the first time he feel this way. He keep pounding her while kissing her. After normal kissing, it turned into french kiss and then turned into tongue twister.

It doesn’t take long for him to release his liquid inside her due to the intense suction inside her.

Then the last victim is the zombie called princess. Her haistyle look very princesslike and her skin and hair is the best among them. He ordered her to do cowgirl position.

The princess stretched herself open and inserted Takumi member into her. There is a little pain when breaking her hymen but it gradually changed with pleasure.

*jupp.. Nuchu…nupu…zuchun…*

Takumi ordered her to move more vigorously and her love juice is overflowing. He couldn’t believe it was her first time. Her up and down breast is pleasing to the eye.

The sight of a beauty fully devoted herself to serve him is driving him mad.

“hah… Ha… Ugh… ”

Takumi grabbed her bottom to guide her movement. While watching the white lines on the other girls, he couldn’t hold it back. He released it inside her and soon white foam formed.

——–

” Oh brother.. He looked so full of pleasure. ”

Yu wad watching the bizarre sight from the gap in the door. She was unaware that her left hand is on her chest and her right rested inbetween her leg. She doesn’t have enough knowledge but she have seen some pictures on the magazine. However this is her first time seeing a man’s member and a live sex scene.

She feel disgusted at the sight of zombie but when she look at Takumi, her disgust disappeared. Yu was watching seriously and didn’t noticed a zombie was coming. It was the zombie that is ordered to remain in the classroom however he forgot to give them order again. It was already a wonder that it could roam to the third floor.

“Gaaaa…. ”

The low groan of the zombie surprised her. It was only three meters away.

” Impossible . ”

She could only move back in reflex.

The moment her eyes look into the zombie gleaming red eyes, she couldn’t helped it but scream.

” Kyaaa.. ”

Takumi surprised and immediately move out. He was recovering himself but hearing that, her earlier sensual feeling turn into alert.

” is that Anba? ”

No, the scream was near. He opened the door in haste and he realized the situation.

” Stop! ”

The zombie then followed his order. Takumi quickly hugged the trembling Yu.

” Go back to the classroom and wait there! ”

At the words of Takumi, the zombie slowly turn its body and walk away.

” Are you alright? ”

” Yes.. Thank you.. ”

Takumi examined Yu body and make sure there is no wound. After that he gives a sigh of relief.

” Brother.. What happened? ”

Yu seemed to be confused. Of course she didn’t know that Takumi have a special ability.

Moments later, another scream can be heard. It wasn’t a scream full of fear like before. It was a shy scream.

The cause was when Yu line of sight was lowered. It was natural since Takumi is naked.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takamine took Yu to the second floor of the PC room. The curtain was closed but the lights can still be turned on. Then they are only sitting there in silence with a heavy atmosphere.

Meanwhile Takamine is considering various things. Should he tell the truth to Yu? However he even hid this fact from Anba. And if his ability comes out to the surface, it wasn’t good.

“So,, about that.. Can you keep it a secret from Anba? ”

Takumi said that but Yu only look at him seriously.

” Yu-chan what are you thinking? ”

Takumi is worried if Yu realized his ability.

” That.. Onii-san .. I.. ”

It seemed Yu has realized it.

” You are able to control the zombie? ”

” Yes, at first I wasn’t attacked by them but then I realized I could manipulate the zombies and give them order. ”

Yu eyes were wide open listened to the explanation.

” I realized it by chance but I don’t understand why this is possible. ”

It was half the truth. In fact he knows it was started when Yumi had bitten him.

” After some time examining them and testing my ability, this is where I am. ”

” That is amazing Onii-san. You have an ability to be the saviour of humanity. ”

However these words didn’t make Takumi happy.

” Yu-chan, can you keep this a secret? ”

” Eh? Why? ”

” I don’t want to cause a ruckus. What if my ability dissappears as mysterious as it appear? ”

Yu’s face didn’t look convinced at all.

” For example, if people know about it and Japan tried to take me in an experimented with me, the rest of the world will ask for cooperation however what if they decided to take me by force and caused another world War? They also might experimented by dismembered my body. ”

” What? That is not allowed! ”

” That’s why this should be our secret. ”

” Of course I also want to save humanity but if in the future I will be treated as a lab rat…”

“Onii-san.. ”

” this might be selfish of me but please understand. ”

Takumi is looking at Yu with a serious look.

” Onii-san.. If I were in your shoes too, I would do the same thing. ”

” Are you saying? ”

” Yes, I will keep it a secret. ”

Takumi smiled and thanked Yu however he couldn’t completely trust her either. He just met her recently but there is no other way but to keep her words. There is also a way to kill her easily by ordering a zombie but it was a last resort. And if knowing her friend is killed by a zombie in this situation, it must be hard for Anba to keep up her hope. He could kill her using his enhanced strength but… For now, he will just go with the flow.

“Thank you Yu-chan.. I will he this ability to defend you in the mean time. ”

He put his hand on her shoulder and said it warmly.

” Onii-san.. ”

Now Takumi also is the only one Yu could rely on.

” Shall we tell Anba about it then? That way I could use my ability freely. ”

For a junior high school girl like Yu, in this desperate situation she could only believe in him. For Yu, which is a friend of Azuri that is now a zombie. Her parents are divorced and she was left with her mother that attacked her yesterday. Takumis existence is like a ray of hope. Then she holds his arm and said. “Thank you Onii-san..”

Takumi could feel the sincere feeling from her. Just when he is thinking, she was clinging into his arm.

“Yu, Yu-chan. Don’t do this.. I was just doing my job as an adult. ”

” Then, the thing that you do before.. Is that an adult job too? ”

That was one of the most dangerous blunder he have done. If there is a hole nearby, he would jumped down to it to hide his embarrassment. It resulting in an odd way to put both of his hand on top of his lap.

Yu face also turned red recalling what she saw.

“That is because my sex drive has been increasing when I got this ability. My libido couldn’t be stopped and yesterday is my limit to endure. ”

“.. I don’t know very well but I know some of it based on the woman magazine I read.”

When Yu followed it up, Takumi feels more miserable.

“That.. I have my own reason. In this situation zombies are the only thing I could use. I never had such intentions at first. However thinking of doing it with another girl in this situation isn’t the right thing. ”

Takumi didn’t care about that but Yu didn’t show any disgust that Takumi was doing it with a zombie. Thank God that the zombie doesn’t look like the one in the movies otherwise he wouldn’t want to do it with them too.

“please understand that I have no choice but to do that. ”

Yu face is now like a tomato. Hearing such vulgar thing and reason.

” Please keep it a secret from Anba too. ”

” It’s alright, I understand. I won’t say anything about what I saw tonight. ”

” Really? ”

” Yes! ”

Seeing Yu said that with a straight eyes, Takumi feel relieved. If his sister know that he has been doing it with a zombie, what would she think? How will he face her?

” I’m sorry Yu-chan.. For me to be so pathetic like this. ”

” There is no way I could hate you. ”

This time Yu replied immediately with a loud voice. She seemed to be angry. Really he couldn’t understand her.

” Is that so? I’m glad then.. ”

Because he don’t know what to say anymore he is forcing a smile. Yu also smiled back but it was kind of bland. They are awkwardly staring at each other. After that they waited until Anba wake up.

They tell everything except of what Yu saw that night. Anba was surprised hearing that her brother have such ability, his experiment and his experience until he arrived. However she couldn’t blame him. He is their saviour and thus Takumi could use his ability freely in front of the girls.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Takumi revealed his ability to Anba and Yu on the 5th night. Today it was already the 11thnight. The three life has adjusted to their current situation. Whenever they are sleeping, Takumi always worried if there is an intruder , even with the number of the zombie guard, he still act vigilant.

They are also trying to gather information from the PC room, TV and radio . to cover the TV lights, the room with the TV was covered in cardboard.

“Everyone, don’t lost hope until the end.”

It was once broadcasted at the 7th night. There is also a message from the government on the radio saying that it was alright to take whatever you need from convenience stores, supermarket, grocery stores, even weapon.

The netizen however said it was the wrong decision. It could infact brings a crisis to humanity. The status of JSDF is right now securing water and electricity supply, it is to give a sense of security to the people. They also mentioned some emergency shelter location.

“the nearby shelter is in T-University.”

However the number of people gathered, the number of zombie will be coming for them.

“When I come here, I saw some of the road was in blockade and if there are really a lot of people sheltering there, soon supplies will be an issue.”

Of course in this kind of emergency situation, the government might be sending supplies by dropping it from the sky however the more people gathered, the sense of anxiety and fear will be bigger. Because the attack of zombie never stopped day and night. Just thinking at how you can be asleep when the sound of bullets can be heard all day long.

“I think it will be better if we stayed for the time being in here. Afterall the zombies are under my instruction.”

Afterwards Takumi once again walk around the school from the elementary to high school to find survivor although he found nothing. Anba and Yu on the other hand couldn’t move away because the feeling of their classmates turned into a zombie hunted them. Takumi also tried as hard as he can to minimize the chance to see a zombie roaming in the school.

When the night comes, it was the time for him to search for supplies. The zombie becomes more active and normal human doesn’t dare to go out at this time. He is searching for more supplies however Anba and Yu now goes with him. They are walking slowly because they are afraid in encountering another zombie. Anything that is coloured red scared them. The traffic light, emergenct light, they are afraid if it was the zombies eye. Takumi can only patted their head to calm them down.

Now, Takumi bring the girl because he wanted to minimize the chance his power known to other people. He could keep ordering the zombie to move the food and water but it will attract unknown risk. Now, only the girls and Azuri that can be considered as a safe companion.

“if you noticed anything wrong, tell me immediately.”

Takumi said it many times towards the girl. Whenever he was outside with them, there is a strong tension, he need to keep his guard up because at any moment it could turn fatal.

At some building eventually there is a “help” sign or “we are here” written on cloth. He can only look at them sadly. Anba is looking at him but he shook his head. Again, he is abandoning another life but it is more important to keep his own life and the girls and reduce the risk of his power being known.

“because it’s been harder to find food and daily commodities, I don’t think there will be many remaining survivor.” At the day, the survivor have to compete with each other and facing the zombie meanwhile in the night Takumi could freely secure goods. It wasn’t without any guilty feelings however he doesn’t have any choice.

Most convenience store is almost empty by now. On the other hand, department stores and supermarkets have lots of zombie inside. The risk is bigger than the chance of securing food. That’s why Takumi is the only one that could get inside.

“there’s not much reduced in the last few days.”

“maybe it was only us. If that is the case we can survive for about three months from these food.”

When they go back, each on of them is shouldering three large backpack.

“how about we use a car?”

“it is easy to find an abandoned car but I won’t do so.”

“why brother?”

“because in this condition, someone might now where we are going.”

Takumi believes, that for now the school is the safest place. It doesn’t attract to much attention and pretty safe. There is easy access to food from nearby stores. But still, staying in one place for too long wasn’t a good idea.

“maybe in another week or two week we will move away. There are several promising places for us but I will survey the place beforehand.”

Takumi believes that maybe little by little the government and the JSDF could fight back the zombie and limited their movement so, he might want to try to move to the JSDF base.

“anyway, we need to make two round trip for today.”

They diligently collected goods while taking short break between. Without long, dawn has arrived.

They get back to the school and have some food before taking a shower and go to sleep. The girls sleep for around eight hour while Takumi doesn’t need that long. He reorder the zombie to make sure no other human approaches them. He also look out of the school fence to see if another zombie come in.

He is clearly making a safe zone within the school.

Next, his sexual desire treatment is taken place in the career counseling room. Today, he decided to take three girls with hi. It was the slut, the big sister, and the erotic student. They are wearing their school uniform. Of course it was somehow different from naked and something is making him excited.



That night, he finished it fast, he take a shower then go to the PC room to get updates on the current situation. He is also searching for potential building to be a new base. When the girls wake up, it was his turn to sleep. Of course he doesn’t need to take long sleep, even three hours is enough but the girls insisted him to take six hours sleep. Of course he obediently complies and the day come to a close.

                    
