\\pagebreak\\\\
        zombie master chapter 30.1

Zombie master chapter 30,1: interlude 3

In the room of the institute, Nakagawa Sarah and Kuroda Sakura sat face to face across a large desk. Nakagawa Sarah is a well-known person, even Sakura knows about her so, sitting alone with her is giving Sakura lots of pressure.

“Kuroda-san, don’t be nervous.”
“Yes, doctor Nakagawa.”
“You can just call me Sarah and can I just call you Sakura?”
“Yes, doctor Sarah.”

In front of Sarah, there is a green tea served on the desk and on the middle of the table, there is a recorder to record her conversation with Sakura.

“Sakura, you have survived the outside world. I understand if you don’t want to talk about it. However, we’re in a zombie apocalypse time, I need to know as much as I can about the outside world state. I have checked the TV, the net, and shared some with overseas researcher, the JSDF personnel also come to give me updates but I think your reference, Sakura’s story will be one of the key point that’s why I want to record this.”

Sakura now looked Sarah with a serious expression. Because based on what she told her, this info might be shared to the world.

“…Okay…”

Sakura then tried to explain what she saw on the outside world. Of course she hid the fact that she isn’t attacked by zombies. She also explained that zombie movement at the day is duller compared when they are at night. She also knows where the zombies are located. Knowing that they are concentrated indoor on commercial facilities other than outdoors. To the parts that they can’t move too far and actually walking up the main road is fairly safe.

That said, she has been coming here from the center of Tokyo and it was a miracle because even the JSDF personnel isn’t able to move that far. In fact, Sakura was there when some of the humans were attacked by zombies too but she could care less.

“Hmm… I see.”
Sarah listened till the very end and turn off the recorder switch.

“Alright, the recording is done. We’re now going to use this as our reference about the zombie in daytime.”

“yes.”

Sarah however still staring at Sakura. Under that intensive gaze, Sakura can’t help but rolling her eyes left and right. Of course Sakura is hiding some story and she hesitate to tell her because the result might be undesirable.

(if doctor noticed it… what should I do?) – Sakura

She thinks so as she steals a glance at Sarah then Sarah began to laugh uncontrollably.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to scare you.”

“What do you mean?”

“It’s alright. I’m also the same as you.”

“yes.”

After deducting what Sarah means, Sakura let out a big breath. As if a big burden has been released from her shoulder.

“I’m the same as you after all. It’s good, we also able to recognized each other immediately.”
After that, Sarah hand out some sweets for Sakura while apologizing.

“We must keep this as our little secret. It goes without saying that we have to carefully think about the future and what we’re going to deal with.”

Sarah then stand behind Sakura and hugged her gently.

“What is it doctor?”

“It’s just, it feels good that knowing that I’m not alone.”

The words that Sarah said can be reflected back for Sakura. Outside, she keeps on seeing zombies and humans and realized that she is different from them. Maybe it was fear, fear that she might be killed one day. Sakura then enjoyed the hug from Sarah. The two people now is immersed in their thoughts as they fell into silence for a while.

“Well, for the sake of the future let’s discuss about our current situation just the two of us.”

Sarah then sit in front of her again and start to talk. Sakura provide some information but before proceed further she want to know that she can call Sarah as comrades. Because at the current state of the world, she doesn’t want to divulge information carelessly.

“Our researcher so far worried that the crisis in human history unprecedented and in our era, it will be the zombie apocalypse that we discovered to be caused by unknown viruses.”

“Oh, it was what the government announced right? But in the net, aside from virus theory, there has been some people saying that it was aliens or even hell risen up.”

“I don’t know what is the thing that is possible to alter human beings into zombies, so it might be virus because the mechanism is quite similar.”

However, in the first place, this situation isn’t really make sense. Because no one can confirm the phenomenon. Previously there have been some experiments tied to animals but the animals didn’t show any distinct changes. Because of that they start to experiment using human.

It was inevitable that a few sacrifices were needed because it is in the end tied to the fate of the whole humanity race. Before one day it is too late, human experimentation needed to be done. It was easy, since they have sacrificial pawn, for example prisoners because they also don’t know how long the law can stand on earth. Even some of the situations need to be controlled by the army which isn’t working perfectly.

In fact, when the human experimentation started, human rights has been neglected little by little and the situation has occurred in nearby countries too.

The human experimentation started when a healthy human body is injected by a virus that is gathered from the zombie. However, it doesn’t show any changes in the host or any changes in the virus shape, that is why Sarah wanted some more experiment that will bear more visible results.

“notably, we know that the zombie apocalypse happened and occurred at the same time all over the world. There is no error and only in a few days all of the world has been infected. We only don’t know what is the situation in remote area. Whether the process is reversible or not, we also don’t know.”

Since the process is happening at the same time all around the world, it will be very hard to find the source of the infection. Because it is happening all around the world, it happened at the same time, there is no telling how long is the incubation period before the virus start to show its effect. It may be easier to consider that the world has been infected by the virus before the virus finally matured and show its effect.

However, for the victim that was bitten by a zombie, the effect was only in a few short minutes. The incubation period of the virus can be said to be equal to none. Although, there is another opinion that it was transmitted by blood, however it still need to be tested more since at the present situation there is a lack of data.

“When someone is infected by the virus, the biggest noticeable things is when they fall into a state called zombie. It is just like something that come out from the movie.”

After that Sarah looked at Sakura with a serious expression.

“Sakura-san, what kind of zombie you’ve encountered when you are on your way to come here?”

“What do you mean?”

“Didn’t you see any other changes on the zombie? I mean, there are different types of zombies. There has been lots of sighting reported and there are lots of video about it. Have you look at it? Look, this one, don’t you think that they are different?”

Sakura then nodded after a while.

“Yes, that’s what I thought too. like me, and doctor, we too are different.”

“Yes, when I first saw Sakura, I also know that there is a link between us. Sakura, on the way here perhaps you’ve seen more than hundreds or thousands of zombie and from all of them, did you notice some that is clearly different from the others?”

After thinking that Sarah was expecting some answer, Sakura tried to think of more details. All from the way where she starts till she arrived here.

“two, no maybe three different zombies from what I’ve encounter so far.”

Sarah brows slowly raised hearing Sakura’s remarks.

“yeah, I was thinking two but then I remember another one. The three variations giving me a feeling that it was a zombie monster. They looked very macho and their muscles are bloated but at the same time their movement is very quick. When I look at them, my breath is stopped, I am truly scared.”

“Oh, there are some people that encountered it too. they have high aggression, sturdy and dangerous. But you are safe?”

“Yes, the look different but giving off the same vibe as other zombie. However, it seems like it doesn’t want to recognize me as one of them. It just doesn’t give off that kind of feeling.”

“I kind of understand the feeling you said because I feel that when we met. So, is there any other zombie that you notice that is different from the others?”

Sakura then move her right hand trying to cover her mouth unconsciously.
“Well, if you put it that way, it wasn’t clear and it was based on my impression. But there are around ten zombies that giving me a different vibe.”

“Oh, is there a distinctive feature? Something that can differentiate them?”

“hmm, it was when I saw a zombie girl, an elementary school zombie. I wonder if it was my mistake but I clearly hear her saying mother. I was surprised and I instinctively grabbed the child shoulder but in the end I realized that she has turned into a zombie. She no longer speaks and let out small meaningless growl. At one time in another place I heard another zombie saying “don’t look at me”. That zombie speak longer than the others but other than that I don’t see any other zombies.”

“words… I don’t have any confidence and it could be your mistake when hearing it. But now I can confirm that there are different types of zombie that is giving you different feelings of impression. Because a little while ago I can clearly felt our connection.”

Sarah explained it again and Sakura nodded several times as she is convinced.

“Actually I never seen a real live zombie and not to mention those that can speak. In others country too like here, we only work with the zombie remains that is caught and sent to the laboratory. So the image that we talk about today, I can only imagine. But I feel a strong presence, near us.”
Sarah fall into silence and Sakura then stare at her with dumbfounded expression.

“From now on, we’re going to keep talking about very important things. Because this is a top secret, can you promise me that you won’t tell it to others?”

“Eh, such important things, are you sure you want to tell it to me?”

“Of course. Rather, I can only start talking about it now because you’re the same.”
Sarah used her right hand to hold Sakura’s hand/ Sakura then nods a little while blushing.

“I understand. Of course I won’t tell anyone else.”

After that Sarah gives a satisfied nods and start to talk while slowly letting go of Sakura’s hand.

“Sakura-san, for you what is a zombie?”

“well, a walking dead?”

“yes, that is what we know or at least we imagine from the movie. The zombie then started to move and attack living human. A walking dead.”
Sakura don’t even know Sarah intention by asking that question. However, what she explained is only a normal definition of zombie, is there really a need to talk about this?

“I think… something can only be determined as zombie when their breathing and heart has stopped but the brain is still alive. It was weak but we can still have a respond of brain waves which making sure that the brain is still alive.”
When the heart stops flowing, it can be said that the blood stops flowing and oxygen can’t be delivered to the brain as the breathing stopped too. with a lack of oxygen, the brain cell definitely undergoes a necrosis process. However, the brain of the zombies doesn’t undergo a necrosis despite no oxygen. So the theory is that the virus must be doing something and has entered the brain cells. Whether they prevented the brain to be completely dead or something else, it was something that hasn’t been found out.

“Yes, the zombies brain still emitting brain waves. It was almost the same as the brain waves that is detected during rem sleep.”

“Rem sleep?”

“yes, there are several stages of sleep and rem is one of those type. The current state maybe similar to rem sleep or eeg. There is a high probability that those zombies are having a dream.”

“that is…”

“there is a possibility that the brain is still working normally.”

That thing was too unexpected and Sakura is at a loss for words. Only the sound of the clock on the wall can be heard strangely loud.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie master chapter 30.2 : interlude 4 

Sakura is taking a bit of time to find out the meaning of Sarah’s words. After a while she seemed to understand something.
“In other words those that become zombie has a possibility to still be living?”
It will be ridiculous if it was true, eating another human while fully conscious of it. Sarah however move her hands left and right signifying it was wrong. Because most of the zombie can’t speak nor confirm the theory.

“When I dissected some zombie and checked it, some of the brain cells was eroded by the virus but the damage mostly happened in the body. To define death itself is quite difficult. Heart stop beating, homeostasis, loss of body temperature, zombie itself is moving and attacking other human, we may as well consider zombie as a living being.”

Indeed, because it was still able to move around, the terms ‘death’ means nothing. Given the ability of the zombie to regenerate itself giving a sign that it is still ‘alive’. This is something that is out of the normal thinking sense and it is all happening in this zombie apocalypse. Even all the smart people in the world is working together to solve this phenomenon.

“So, what happens if the zombie we met is able to speak some words?”

“I have one captured sample and give it an autopsy. As the result, the infection rate is still the same with other zombie. Only the brain cells are infected less than normal zombie. However, it still showing the same results with their heart stop beating, loss of temperature and can’t do anything aside from attacking other humans.”

This is also the great mystery at how their brain still emitting brain wave like normal human. This is also why some of the researcher thinking that the zombie is ‘alive’ because of their brain which is still working but still coldly dissected the zombie.

“For those that is infected, their muscle is developing in a strange way and I can’t found out the reason. It doesn’t change whether they can speak or not but based on my research I categorized them into three kind of zombie.”

When saying three kind of zombie, Sarah moves towards Sakura and giving her a meaningful look. Sakura on the other hands is afraid to say something just in case she said the wrong thing. However, this time she is giving it a deep thoughts and it was something that is always in her mind.

“Is it something connected to us?”

Sakura was given silence treatment and Sarah continued to look at her. She also realized that at this point she isn’t normal human or a ‘normal zombie’. When Sarah said she is categorizing zombie, it was most likely Sakura is in one of the category.

“Yes, we are perhaps, the perfect sample.”

“Perfect sample?”

Of course if she asked to investigate her brain, she will reject it but Sakura can clearly think that her brain is still working normally. There is nothing different from her usual daily life in terms of action or decision making.

After asking with anxiety, Sarah replied with a nod.

“It is. I have a story and I’m not sure you’ve heard it or not.”

Sarah is telling theories of the zombie apocalypse source. Some said that it was a rabies virus that is mutated. It was rather dubious but in reality no one can proof it right or wrong. Because the virus and the symptoms that is happening need to be examined from various viewpoints. The reason why zombie exist right now in the living world has been a big question.

The most famous theory is that zombie was resurrected from the dead or even casted from voodoo magic. Instead of manipulating corpse, right now the magic is manipulating living human beings and suspended them in semi living condition using a poison called zombie powder. The victim thus turned into a zombie and wandering in the world.

Whether the zombie was caused by voodoo magic seemed to be an absurd story but there are actually similar cases in the natural world. It was found in snails and mantis that is infected by parasite. For example, a small parasite like spider and it somehow can affect the host behavior.

“Parasite?”

“Yes, however it was hard to proof that it was parasitic organism since it won’t be able to infect a large amount of cell of human body. Because of that this is definitely virus and we can say that it was a mutated virus.”

It was settled one again that it was caused by virus but this time the virus has the properties of a parasite and it is able to manipulate the host. The effect is making the host become ferocious as if becoming a rabies dog. Even though it was still moving around we can say that the host is as good as dead and the virus still active inside the dead host body and actively multiplying. Natural self-multiplication and rapid infection spread it was as if the virus itself have a hidden purpose.

“Given the fact that it has the properties of a parasite, the next question is whether human is the ‘final host’ or are we only a temporary host?”

“What do you mean?”

Is there really a difference? For Sakura this is something new.

“To describe it in simple terms, temporary host means that the parasite that infecting us is only in it juvenile state. When it matured it will search for a new host.”

“What will happen if it was only a temporary host?”

“if that’s what happen then we’re not the main target of the virus. It will no longer matter if we’re alive or dead since it will be looking for a new host after it matured.”

If we’re judging from the current situation of humanity, it can be said that we’re being treated as temporary host. Because if human is the virus final target, it will not cause too much damage to the host. Of course there’s still the possibility that humanity is the final target.

The worst assumption is that the virus is only using humanity as a media to multiply. If that’s what really happens that it was an utter nightmare. Considering that the zombie apocalypse has only happened for a month, there is no clear conclusion on what’s going to happen next. It was only clear that the target right now is humanity and we’re being at disadvantages.

Of course no matter what theory is being discussed by the researchers they still need to find an evidence because this is also one of the way to save the human race.

“Well, I don’t know because in this kind of situation, the parasite may have their own intention and there is a possibility that they are manipulating our mind.”
Sakura becomes pale when she heard that. She is thinking has she been manipulated by the parasite?

“It shouldn’t be like that doctor. Of course I’m still me!”

“Haha, it was a joke.”

Sakura then patting her own chest but Sarah at that point seemed to think of something else. Because when she wakes up after being bitten by an infected person, she has lots of question in her mind. After exchanging views with various researchers, the more possibility that is rising in her mind. The virus however at this point seemed to have a goal to ‘multiply’ and there’s nothing that can be done to interfere with that.

Somehow there is a moment when fear taking control because of the unknown but Sarah obsession become something that drives her forward. It can be said that Nakagawa Sarah want to be victorious over the virus. However, Sarah doesn’t have any idea how to win against the virus and the parasite like ability.

Since there is a difference between the degree of infected brain cells in zombie, Sarah get another idea. If the zombie is only muttering some unknown words, then it was nothing special but if they can somehow communicate then it means they have consciousness of their own and the virus isn’t completely in control. There might be some virus that damaged the brain but not damaging the body too.

“Sakura-san, what do you think?”

“Well… at this point I think that I’m different from the ‘original’ me.”

When hearing that Sarah put her hand on her chin and is thinking something. However, Sakura doesn’t know what she is thinking exactly. To begin with it seems that Sarah never notice that it has become an obsession for her.

“I think it wasn’t that bad. In this way we are living coexist with the virus.”

“Coexist?”

Sakura was kind of confused. Because the parasite usually taking advantage of the host, some are profiting both sides but it was really rare. It can be said that at the moment they are in a symbiosis with the virus.

“I think Sakura has noticed it too. Our body is stronger than before and even injury can be healed easily but make sure not to stand out in front of people.”

“Eh, is that true?”

“when you’re bitten, isn’t it healed already?”

Sakura then examined her own body and it is true that even scratches can’t be seen and in her memory when she was injured, it is indeed healed faster than normal.

“Your strength should be increased too. At this point you can take care of adult male easily and there are lots of benefit.”

“But, if it was symbiosis, won’t the virus take something from us too?”

“in my opinion, ‘reproduction’.”

“Eh?” Sakura was surprised hearing that and blushed.

“Sakura-san, do you get what I’m saying?”

“Yes… but it’s weird.”
The process of multiplication can be achieved by infecting others, why should Sarah mentioned reproduction?

“Well, that was my own symbiosis theory and it was all my intuition. The truth may be completely different.”

The idea of symbiosis comes to Sarah because of her thinking. If it was only parasitism, one-day humanity will be gone or at least ‘normal human’ will no longer exist. Because of that they need to leave some special human to keep reproducing offspring. The result of this reproduction, it can’t be clear that if it was a ‘human’ or completely new species that is only identical to human because it has human gene. But her only conclusion for now is they are different from others because they will be able to reproduce. Whether it was true or not, Sarah still don’t know and the relationship of the host and virus itself still unclear.

“If it was really ‘reproduction’ then there should be a normal ‘zombie male’ like us right?”

“Sakura, don’t you feel it? It was somewhere around here.”

Sakura then remember when she feels something at Tokyo’s 23rd ward. It was an area that used to be highly populated and the calling to come there before isn’t because there is a probability of finding survivor. Sakura closed her eyes and feel some kind of urge. A faint feeling that is calling her.

“Yes, I can’t explain it but I understand. There are people like us and it wasn’t far from here.”

Sarah then nodded heavily hearing Sakura’s words. She can understand because she is feeling the same thing.

“It should be an infected male that is calling for us. I think he will be the center of this apocalypse.”
It wasn’t a good theory but the girls are convinced because they felt it.

“So, I have a favor to ask from Sakura-san.”

“Could it be…”

“Yes, I want to look for that ‘infected male’.”

                    
