\\pagebreak\\\\
        It has reached the 12th day since the zombie apocalypse began. He has found some food, batteries, and supply. He also search some clothing and new promising space for a new base.



Meanwhile Anba and Yu is hiding at school. However they didn’t turned on electricity in the night and just wait in a room while maintaining going to the toilet minimal. The school gate and entrance is guarded by many zombie wandering around. It is to keep any human from invading. There is no human walking on the night but we can’t be so sure.

At dawn, Takumi returned and tell the thing he found.

“For now, I see a potential place to reside. It was one hour walk from here. Called million mansion.”

“Million mansion?”

“yes, because the price of the apartment is more than one hundred million yen.”

“how can the price is so absurd?”

After that Takumi go to the PC room and operate the computer showed the home page of the apartment to the girls.

“Look at this.”

“Wow! What is this? It was so big.”

“The size of the room is even bigger than a house. There are also two bathroom available while normal house only have one.”

“This one, the price is over two hundred million yen. If this apartment is located in the city center, the price can even go more absurd.”

“Even though some people said that Japan people goes into recession and the Chinese are actually the one buying these properties, however this building is still brand new.”

In the inspection Takumi has found out the truth. The apartment was for sale a few days ago before the zombie apocalypse so there won’t be people inside of it. the electricity and water is running so it is a good base since there is no people mean less or no zombie can be found there.

It was near the school too, so if there is something wrong he could always walk back here.

“yes, and our next base may have to search one with solar power generator just in case the electricity was cut off.”

Of course Takumi is taking precaution for the worst. However when he walked today, he saw some banner and barricades signing there are some survivor so it wasn’t good to walk that far yet.

“There is also a store that sell camping supplies.”

“camping?”

“yes, it will be convenient just in case we need to walk far.”

“Maybe, we could camp at a place far away.”

If one day, the electricity supplies was cut off the solar generator can do the job. If the water supply was cut off  too, it won’t be a bad idea to move to the mountain where there is river, lakes, and spring to use as clean water source. Of course that mean they have to camp there.

In this modern times, camping site also abundant so there might be a few place to choose.

“So, we will take some camping supplies while we move to the million apartment.”

After that Takumi decided after thinking for a while.

“We will move in the night, we will carry some groceries and necessary supplies at first and try not to be too heavy and divide it in several times moving.”

After that, he also thinks about the career counseling room where the zombie girls are located. He also have some thoughts of moving the zombies girl to one of the apartment in the million apartment.

“Come on, it will be busy when we move tonight, rest and sleep for the meantime.”

When the girls are sleeping, he is collecting some information from the internet however there is nothing new.

“people are getting more desperate day by day.”

Takumi read some article that caught his eye.

The zombie mutation. Where some zombies are known to be able to run apart from moving slowly. Have enhanced physical and again there is a possibility of some zombie that possessed intelligence.

“Indeed.. that is a possibility.”

He walked outside and confirmed that the zombie are guarding the site properly. He see no changes in their movement nor there are any heart pulse.

He also verified that there is no zombie in the school that undergo such mutation like stated on the net. Of course to refresh himself he walk to the career counseling room. Before that, he take a shower first.

————–

Warning

———–

Ero scene sighted.. if this is not what you are intended to read please skip

Inside the shower, the steam from hot water blow his mind away. In the near future he can take a bath when he move to the apartment. His mood is getting better as he is humming a song that is popular in his school days.

“…brother..”

A voice can be clearly heard. Takumi immediately stopped his childish hum and look at the owner of the voice.

His eyes is opened wide.

He saw a body of the still growing junior high school sophomore. The chest is slightly inflated but it will grow eventually. The lower half is smooth without any hair covering the private parts. Although he froze when he saw that, he look away in a hurry.

“Y-Y-yu chan, you should tell me if you want to take a shower. Please wait, I’ll finish immediately.”

“Brother, let me wash your back.”

Yu clear voice blocked the panic voice of Takumi as she approached him.

“Y-Y-Y-Yu-chan!?”

“brother, please don’t move. It will be hard to wash your back.”

“well…”

“please, I can only do this much for you. It wasn’t much than what you did for me.”

“you really don’t have to do this. I have said many times this is because Yu-chan is a friend of my sister.”

“please, let me do this.”

Afte that, Yu started to wash his back. She is touching him directly using her hand not using any towerl or scrub.

Takumi was surprised as the feeling of the hand and soap roam on his back as she gently washed him.

“Don’t worry, I’ll wash it thoroughly.”

Yu hands than move to the back, shoulder, and then his arms. The movement of her fragile fingers is as if caressing him. In the process, her body temperature also transmitted from direct skin contact.

“Let me do the front too.”

She moves her hand toward his chest but she was still standing behind him. It is causing her to hugged him from behind. Takumi then feel something on his back. A slight bulge that is somehow elastic is rubbing with his back.

“Y-Yu-chan.. please stop..”

“No, brother. Please let me!”

Yu hugged Takumi tightly and the feeling of the naked body can be strongly felt. Takumi don’t know what to say anymore as her hand is moving lower.

“This part too….”

It was unexpected because her hand moves fast and grabbed something.

“Oh!”

Both slender arms of Yu is grabbing something hard and towering. Of course Yu was embarrassed too as she firmly grabbed the thing in her hands. A few days ago of course she has seen it and confirmed her resolve.

“I will wash you thoroughly borther.. so this place too.”

Yu said that while whispering hot breath to Takumi’s ear from behind.

She take some soap on her hand and wrapped it again on the thing she placed her hand before. Takumi body is trembling as the gentle touches explored his member.

“It’s so big.”

Yu voice showed some hesitation but she won’t stop.

The thin beautiful finger carefully moves from the root to the tip, tracing it many times. She moves her hand away to wash the other part of his body and returned to trace it back. In such movement, it is swelling.

“it is so hard.”

Yu finger slowly massaging it using the knowledge she learn from the net. Carefully from the root to the tip while using the thumb to give some pressure. It is so smooth thanks to the soap.

“Brother, does it feel good?”

Her sweet voice entered his ear and the breath can only send shiver on Takumi spine. He can only nods to confirm it.

She take another soap and move her hand towards his member. She then moves her hand up and down smoothly.

“Yu-chan.. it’s so good.”

“Yes brother.. I am happy if you enjoyed this.”

While she continued to stroked him, Yu also feeling something deep inside her. The bulge that in direct contact with Takumi back start to show some changes. There is two dots that becomes hard and sensitive. Yu start to move her body to rub that part on Takumi back.

“Brother… oh, brother…”

As she enjoyed herself and sending enchanting whisper to Takumi’s ear, Takumi couldn’t hold back anymore.

Yu can feel that the thing in her arms is swelling and becoming bigger.

“Aaaahhh!”

As the sound of something is released, a cloudy liquid was discharged. Yu hand is holding something that is trembling and her eyes is stunned as she view something coming out.

“This is…. Warm..”

Yu can feel the liquid in her hands are emitting some warm feeling. After that, in awkward silence, they finished the cleanup. It won’t be good if Anba noticed what happened so they rinsed their body in hurry and returned.

Fortunately Anba is still sleeping on the bed as if nothing happened.

Takumi is wondering. Wether the last moment have romantic feelings in it or no. because Takumi himself didn’t have much experience in the field. He is slowly observing Yu. If he jumped the gun and asked for more, she may run away from him. However she has once caught Takumi in the act with zombie.

(I shouldn’t think too much. Afterall I have tell them that my sexual desire was increased due to what happened to me.)

While thinking he send prying eyes to take a glance at Yu several times. Inside his eyes, there is a hint of passion and heat.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        I’m not sure if the author dropped this since there is no update for this week and this is the latest chapter on the web… Let’s just hope that he didn’t drop the series… If he did, I might take a story about agriculture lol…



(ps: still lacking a bit more for the surgery.. however I won’t take this or those that I have received for free. I will consider this as you sponsoring a chapter so donation can still be done normally by clicking the donation button on the sidebar. Please, tell me the chapters that you want to sponsor and I have sent an email for you that have donated prior to this chapter. If you don’t know what this is, you can )

So, the surgery will be done on Monday so expect the updates to continue on Tuesday and maybe tomorrow I can work on my original story(if I have time and feeling high because painkillers OD).. I wasn’t sure why they won’t perform surgery on Sunday (Hell yes, we doctor need holiday too lol) and thanks for anyone who helped raising some funds for the surgery, I really appreciated it and it means really much for me.. thank you once again and enjoy the chapter… for today it will only be this one since this chapter is quite long (3500 words raw) and made my brain zombified.

(ps:2 please note that donation is for original works under rebirth online original works since I don’t take donation for translation but there is extra bonus translation chapter after 5 sponsored original chapters…)

————————–

As been said before, they will start to move from the school on the night three days later. So they have two nights to prepare before they leave the vicinity. They are making a list and check the things to bring, ingredients, supplies, stuff and put it in the back pack.

“Because we have lots of things, just pack something that you really need so I can carry it in one go.”

Takumi is explaining the condition to the girls. Soon enough they will move to the apartment. It was fifty-minute walk away from the school and he will check again to make sure that it was safe.

In the apartment first floor, he checks the surrounding carefully. It will take around six hours to check on all forty floors. As for the key, he easily took the master key from the security guards zombie. He also checks that none of the door has a trace of being forced open but still he checked the room one by one.

The apartment was divided into two parts, regular and executive. For the executive floor it was more furnished and need a special fingerprint to use the elevator. Of course Takumi have registered his own fingerprint prior at the security room. After confirming that the apartment was clean of zombie, he check the area around the vicinity, roads and entrance. It was really quiet and good for living. The only drawback is if any other survivor noticed it and decided to use this apartment as a shelter too. So, he decided to bring some zombie to guard the perimeter of the apartment.

Given the time and effort he spent for the new base he sighed involuntarily.

“I wish… it is finished today.”

Takumi after that start to search for some zombie and ordered them to walk to the apartment area. It was strange at how Takumi is tagging along with the zombie horde. He aware of this fact and try to walk a little bit further behind than the horde.

*Crang*

At that time, the sound of breaking glass can be heard. He looks for the direction and looked up. It was from the other building with “HELP” being written on sheets and tied to the veranda. It was a small building of seven floors.

“A suicide in the middle of the night?”

Given the position where he is, it was not that far.

“You continue heading to the apartment.”

Takumi ordered the zombie that he brought as an escort. It was a zombie that has mutated so his body is a little bit bigger with more muscle. Some of the people on the net call them ‘tyrant’ because of their muscular physique. It was an entity to be feared however for Takumi, it was not any different than any other zombie that he give nickname. He brought it here because aside from the big body, it have sharp hearing that is good as an escort. However he doesn’t want the ‘tyrant’ to be attracted to the glass sound just now. So, Takumi alone entered the apartment.

“Mom!”

In a room at the sixth floor, a mid teenager girl crying out seeing her mother who is lying down on the ground and blood flowed down. There are several visible wound on the back of the mother’s head. She is clearly no longer breathing and no ambulance around that could help her even if she is still breathing. The eyes of the teenager girls then turned to a man around mid-twenties.

They are the only two left on this apartment. When the zombie apocalypse first began, the man is the one leading the survivor to build a barricade and gathered food as quickly as possible like Takumi when he first realize the situation. He blocked the stairs and elevator and explained the situation to the residents of the same floor. The inhabitants of the sixth floor included the girl that just returned home after school exam. It was all luck that all of the residents in the sixth and seven floors have food to sustain their selves for some time.

They are also having a success in acquiring food during the day when the zombie activity reduced but one day one of the survivors got attacked in the process. It was too late when they noticed that and one residents turned into a zombie. Getting caught off guard, it was a miracle that they could survive. Finally the food supplies are gone three days ago and those who couldn’t withstand the hunger gone out but never returned. Now only the girl, the mother and the man lives in the apartment.

“Why are you doing this?”

“Either way, we will die of starvation in a few days. Trying to go out to find food, we will be killed by the zombie. We’re just waiting for our end here.”

As the man thrown away the bloodstained bat, he approached the girl. She is moving back on reflex.

“You know, we will die anyways. At least let me enjoy your body… I wonder how your growing body will taste.”

(Tl note: I like how other people are losing their sanity. Don’t you agree? Lol)

The man eyes are fixated on the girl’s chest. He can already imagine the firmness of the junior high school student and the excitement can be seen on the tent forming on his jeans.

“No..!”

“If you agree to cooperate, you won’t have to die like that woman over there. I wonder if you are still a virgin.”

The girl couldn’t believe that words come out from the man’s mouth. In the past, he always greeted her with a friendly face when they meet in the hallway. When he raises the barricade and takes the lead to survive, he was so reliable. The changes in just a few days are something the girl couldn’t believe.

The phenomenon that occurred all round the world is something she couldn’t believe too. She wishes she will wake up and find herself in her room with her usual everyday waiting there. She wanted to believe so. However the sight of her mother drenched in a pool of blood, a man filled with madness approaching her, a bat that is used to hit her mother. In an instance she took the bat and swings it.

“Waaaaah!”

*Crang*

The bat of course didn’t hit the man but since she swings it big, she wrecked the room furniture and causing loud crashing noise. She didn’t stop swinging it. She is trying her best to keep the man away from her. Therefore tableware from the cupboard fall into her victim and loud noise created as various other things are broken.

“Stop it! You are attracting zombie with the loud noise!”

“Waaaah!”

The man word doesn’t reach the desperate girl. And for the bad luck added, downstairs, a horde of zombie are roaming around. The former inhabitants and some new zombie friends. Usually they didn’t make much noise but this time it attracted the zombie immediately. Although there are barricade made of furniture, it couldn’t stop them. They are attracted like magnets to the sound.

“Whoa… it was such a big uproar upstairs.”

Takumi heard that too as he climbed up the stairs. He also noticed the sign of zombies breaking the barricade. Not long after he heard a man and a girl scream. This time, he feel a little worried. Some tragedy may happen if he didn’t prevent it. But he shook his head immediately. The most important thing for him right now is Anba, Yu and Azuri safety. It was unnecessary for the others. (Tl note: oh boy)

However another scream can be heard. Takumi remains expressionless. He stood there doing nothing. Once the tranquility of the night has returned, it was the time he makes his move. He walks to the sixth floor.

His face is kind of distorting when he smell blood and the devastation in the scene. The zombies immediately stopped their movement when they saw him. In addition he saw the girl who just becomes a zombie. Her shoulder meat is gouged out and prowling nearby. The other one is the corpse of a man that has his neck hanging after being chewed.

Takumi accepted the truth on what he saw but doesn’t think anything more other than that. There is no sense of guilt. After he confirmed that there is no other survivor, he take out the zombie girl. He examined the girl and her appearance is in Takumi strike zone. Without any other feeling he is making her his.

(Tl NOTE:

——-

Warning

——

The following scene is made by professional. You should never try to do this at home. Please take note that there is no zombie harmed in the making of the story. If you are under the age of 21 please close this tab immediately. The private parts will be removed because of the translator preferences and thus will be replaced by things as in summoned hero. Sometimes without mentioning it at all makes you imagine about it better lol… )

He decided that their base will be the fortieth floor of the apartment. After all most of the room has been furnished and ready to use. He decided to empty the room below until thirty seven as precaution. So the one he will use it the thirty sixth floors. In the bedroom that has been furnished, Takumi pushed down the girl zombie to the bed. It was done after the girl being washed in the bath. Although the shoulder parts are being scooped out but this small damage is not a big deal for him.

The girl hair is a little bit longer than the shoulder. There is no special hairstyle and she looks expressionless as any other zombie. However her chest was enormous. It is the thing that attracted the eyes of man.

“I couldn’t believe that she was a junior high school student.”

Takumi hand is trying to cover the chest. However it was overflowing. It does not appear to be sagging and there is softness and firmness. The overall size of the delicate body is disproportionate because of the chest. However the unbalance body was good for Takumi.

His hand immediately explored from the bottom to the top as if giving massage. Continue repeating it and then move from left to right. Then he moved to the center and finds a hard spot and pinched it. Whenever he squeezed it, the zombie raises a small groan voice.

“Oh, do you feel it? Is that a moan? Can you say something?”

Takumi face then moves closer to her.

“Hey, do you still have memories or instinct as a human?”

No matter how many times he asked there is no response. It is just staring at him with gleaming red eyes.

“Give me a deep kiss.”

When he says that, the girls face slowly coming close to him. It was a slow movement and as if the lips are attracted to each other. With a deep kiss, her tongue suddenly invading Takumi’s mouth. It seemed that her mind is acknowledging a deep kiss as a kiss with tongue. Her assumption may not wrong if a deep kiss is a French kiss.

While continue to kiss, his right hand extend to the girl’s secret garden area.

*Sclomph*

It was wet and ready. Plump and yet a hint of immaturity can be seen.

Takumi entangled with the girls as they kissed and feel the coldness of the skin while getting naked. After adjusting his position, he is now ready.

He aimed it and pushes it in at once.

*Schlup*

For Takumi who has robbed the virginity of many other zombies, this is an easy task. Without any wait, he goes into the girl’s deepest part. The inside was wet in general as well. Even when Takumi pierced the girl for the first time, she remained expressionless. The mouth that has been connected with a kiss separated and a thread of saliva between them can be seen.

Takumi lifted the girl by putting his hand on her back and start to move his hip violently in missionary position.

*Zutchu ……, Zutchu ……, Zutchu …… *

The body of the girl is moving with the momentum of something big coming out and in, swaying back and forth. Even if it was still narrow and tight, Takumi just release all of his desire on her. Takumi releases his hand and moves the girl to crawl on all four. His hand is now on her waist and continues to move.

“Really, her chest is so big.”

While she was on all fours facing down, the chest was brought down by gravity. He then scoops it and lift it with both hands from behind while rubbing it strongly. As he grabbed it, he brings her closer to him and met the timing with his hips.

*Pok..Pok..Pok..*

As the sound of his waist touched the girl’s bottom, the sound of meat collided echoed in the room. From where their members are connected, a clear line of juice flowing out like droplets from the girls.

“Aaa…A…”

The girls raises faint moan every time it was ravaged into her. Drool is dripping from her mouth but she wasn’t even worried about that. Finally under the intense pressure Takumi reaching his end.

“Uggh… Ah..!”

Warm liquid flowed down into the girl’s body. The girls then groaned again but it was felt as if it was a satisfactory one.

“Fuuh.. That’s it for today..”

After he bathed and cleaned. He asked the zombie girl to clean the bed. She listened to it and not long after followed the instruction.

“After all zombies can only follow instruction that they understand.”

He is still gathering information on how to order a zombie. He once asked a zombie to cut vegetable however it ends up with the cutting board split in half. He still needs more knowledge.

“I still need to understand them more.”

While he thinks on how to be familiar and smarter in giving instruction, Takumi went back to the school.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        “Wow, it’s so big!”

“It’s amazing! This is the first time!”



Anba and Yu is looking around the new apartment. They raised their voice because of excitement and surprise. Finally Takumi has finished moving their things and it was done without incident.

The first thing they do when arrived is register the two new people fingerprint so they can access the elevator. In case of emergency, Takumi walk around with the girls and instructed to the zombie around the apartment, “You have to protect us three”.

Zombie extent to understand still couldn’t be known whether they could recognized Anba and Yu but it was still better to try it. if emergency occurred and the girls should flee the place, he hoped the zombie could at least not attacked them.

In the moving process he also moved the school girls by camouflaging them among the regular zombie. He also took them to a nearby clothes shop to dress up since they are all wearing uniforms. Anba also take some clothing from there. It would be weird to saw some zombie girls shopping together, however if they are normal girls it wasn’t that strange.

Finally they have finished moving. They will live in the fortieth floor while three levels up to thirty seven will be cleared. It was possible to assign different apartment but it was decided that it was better to live in the same room so they can act quick in case of emergency. So the choice falls into a 3LDK room. (Tl note: I don’t understand the measurement).

It was a good room with a big size. From the balcony connected to the living room they can saw a beautiful night view. However in this kind of apocalypse it was kind of useless. The light in the middle of the night that should be the highlights couldn’t be seen. In the middle of the night there is no electricity because it will attract zombie. So most of the survivor didn’t even think to turn on the light at night.

Aside from the lights of the street and convenience stores that automatically on at night, no home or building is lighted. Lights from abandoned lights also have disappear eventually. Under such circumstances it was also better to not using the electricity at night.

“I think you both know but let’s not use the lights at night since there are no shutters in this place.”

At the school they still could turn on some lights because there are shutters. Maybe in this place there is a place that could be turned on, the theater room but there is only a television and a pc.

“Just incase you really need it, go to the theater room.” There is no window there, only ventilation in the ceiling for the path of air. It was unexpectedly good to prevent lights from leaking outside. Of course the original purpose was to watch movies so maybe when they are carefree they could watch DVD.

A luxurious room also has a side that makes frequent cleaning becomes troublesome but the security aspects make it the top priority.

“Nii-san, what should we do now?” Anba feeling has been switched from excited about the room and asked Takumi.

“There are no changes. We will find information everyday, and on the night we keep it low. Maintaining electricity and running water, food also our first priority.”

“Nii-san, how long do you think electricity and water will run?”

“To be honest, I don’t know. They said that the JSDF is protecting the electricity and water plant but we don’t even know if it is turned off tomorrow.”

Once the water and electricity runs out, the condition will be much worse. It is an indication that it will becoming bad but Takumi couldn’t do anything.

“We just prepare as always and everything will be okay. I also have my ability to survive.”

Even if the number of human growing less and the zombie increase, Takumi ability will shine even more.

Maybe in the end only Takumi survived and it was the humanity happy end. However looking at Azuri which turned into zombie it might not really the ‘happy end’. Honestly if mankind goes into extinction, Takumi can move around freely in day and nights. Lives wouldn’t be so difficult and food preserved will be plenty.

However Takumi shook his head. How can such an idea come into his mind? He is basically just being disqualified as a human being. He then feels a sense of guilt. Takumi the look at the girls and make his resolve.

“I have a long way to go. At least we now got a comfortable living space. The two of them need my strength and support.”

Takumi also tell them no to wander around the building and go out to the balcony during the day. The elevator entrance is guarded by four muscular mutated zombies. Another three is patrolling and one guarding the emergency stairs.

Since there are lot of normal zombie he can even asked them to carry a weapon however spear carrying zombie are too much eye catching. He also don’t know if the JSDF will one day make their way to save them.

(no, it wasn’t a good thing to gathered too much zombie too)

The night come and it was the 16th day of the apocalypse. Although it was only for 16thdays but Takumi feel that it has been years.

(let’s just think about it when the time comes)

Takumi then goes into the 36th floor and found a lot of woman zombie waiting. He brought them to a room with a bed to relieve his desire.

Last night, he found a new zombie girl in the junior high school building. She wear the gym uniform that is clearly too small around the chest area. Takumi while massaging the chest are fixing his position. Yesterday he already has a taste of this girl. The girls is wearing bloomers instead of short pants. Insertion can be done just by shifting it to the side slightly. It was more of a H-cosplay uniform rather than gym. Her insides is already slimy with love juice. The best thing about her is Takumi keep feeling as if someone is sucking him deeper inside.

“This girl has another living thing inside her?”

Takumi leaks out a voice. It was as if a strong vacuuming force is coming from her inside. Also because she is still in junior high school, it was very tight and narrow. In particular, Takumi feel a strong stimulus flowing. To avoid sudden accidental explosion because of the pleasure he want to distract himself by playing with her chest. But it backfired, every time he rub the small pearl on her chest, her lower body tightens.

“Aa….”

The girl is expressionless but letting out a growl. Her body temperature is low, it was soft but cold. He then takes the pearl inside his mouth and use his tongue to roll on it. even if she has turned into a zombie, there is still a sweet scent emanated from her body. It was different than the one in the movie.

“Why even if she has turned into a zombie, she still smells good like a normal girl?”

While looking at the white skin and the pink pearl, Takumi moves his waist vigorously. Whenever he thrust it in, the girl moves her body forward as if replying. It causes Takumi to hit her deepest part. Takumi feel an overwhelming pleasure and some numbness in his lower body back. He can only move his waist to reduce the numb feelings. Every time their hips touched each other it is causing a loud sound. Also the gushing sound of wet genitals can be heard.

“aaaa….aaaaa…” as if moaning, the girl zombie is groaning. It wasn’t that scary but it lacks the emotion to make it sweet. While looking at her beautiful body, Takumi release all of him inside her.

“Ah… that was good. Now, clean yourself over there.”

Takumi instructed her and she is going to the bathroom, she also uses soap to clean herself. While he is looking for another zombie girl, there are some from the high school girls that he brought that approached him. As if they are prepared, Takumi pushed them down with their expressionless face and continue to feast on the zombie girl wet meat.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        About a moth has passed since the Zombie Apocalypse occurred.



After one month, the military started to send troops to take control of the situation. They have started to sweep the road slowly. This is something that never crossed anyone minds a month ago. Today, they are doing this because they have to do this. With limited supplies remaining, the situation is getting worse if they keep doing nothing.

In some countries with less government involvements, they have abandoned the thoughts of protecting the citizen. Some countries are taking refugees. Of course they have hidden intention that if one day the situation gets better, they will get tremendous support. However which growing numbers of zombie every day, will it be real? The neighboring countries that didn’t protect their citizens, only adds the number of zombies as time goes on.

In this case, Japan is very lucky to be surrounded by sea on all sides. The chances of zombies from neighboring countries to cross over are zero. The landscape which mainly concentrated on cities, makes the spread of the apocalypse is faster than any other place. Therefore Japan took lots of early damage but reduced post damage.

*Bababababababa* (sfx sound of helicopter)

“There are helicopter flying today.”

Takumi muttered that without any real thoughts. The purpose of the helicopter of course to find survivor and do some rescue. There are some helicopters belonging to the media which is used to record disasters from the sky but it has been handed over for the government in this apocalypse.

There is one helicopter crashed down earlier. One of the survivors actually infected and soon caused a doomsday inside the helicopter. This disaster happened throughout Japan but the use of helicopter could solve it all, but there is one problem, zombies are also attracted to the sound of the helicopter. It could endanger the survivor rather than saving them.

In the television they have started to air rescue scene of JSDF. The reason is to light hope to the citizens that are watching that they could survive. There is a ray of hope. But in fact the entire rescue mission doesn’t go smoothly. Scene of guns being shot and civilians holding guns are now an ordinary sight. He also noticed that zombies’ numbers are increasing day by day and their movements have become more agile. Takumi know that they have to resort to guns but thinking that the zombies are former citizens is contradicting the real rescue points. However, their effort to save survivor are still a good thing.

“That was good.”

After the scene of people being rescued finished he said that with a sigh. He doesn’t know if the JSDF is an ally or foes for him. Therefore for the day, he decided to hides from them. During the day when the sound of helicopter can be heard, he tells Anba and Yu to stay away from the window and close the curtains.

Even that means limiting their activities during the day but Takumi got a great way to kill time.

Takumi is now lying on the bed. In his left, we can see Yumi from the small apartment building and Hiromi on his right. The two girls are naked and leaned over to him. His left hand is busy with Yumi busty chest and his right on Hiromi growing buds.

When he gets into the room, the two girls approached Takumi without being ordered. As if they welcomed their lovers. It happened every time he returned to his secret girls stash. Yumi is still soft and she is still in her growing age. Her body is somewhat cold but it didn’t stop Takumi to pinch the pink pearl on her chest.

Hiromi on the other hand is only fourteen or so. She kissed him and stared with her empty eyes but she has learned to play with her tongue when their lips met and entwined. While they can’t speak any words but they let out pant voice and moaned when they are engaged in sexual activity. Hiromi kissed Takumi and caused some wet sounds from their kisses. He pinched her pink pearl that turned hard and in return she caressed his body by rubbing her own body. Meanwhile, Yumi didn’t do anything.

After one month, Takumi teaches the zombie girls different techniques. Some needed to be instructed, some acted on their own. Their learning ability isn’t a joke. Yumi didn’t do anything because she didn’t want to interfere with Takumi action. He successfully trained the zombie girls to wait for their turn.

Takumi played with Yumi as he stroked her skin without touching the pink area on her chest. His fingers go up from the stomach to the chest and move down again. When he would reach the erogenous area, he avoided it again and again. After some times, suddenly Takumi pinched the area that he avoided so long and caused Yumi to let out a small “Ah..!” cry.

Playing with both of the girl’s body, caused Takumi body to respond. His lower half is now being serviced by three other girls. Rika, Yayoi and Fumika the elementary school trio.

(Tl note: did their names just changed?)

The three girls are licking Takumi towering member carefully like a kitten drinking their milk. To compliment their appearance, Takumi get a cat ear hair band for them from the 100 yen shop and cat tails from the adult shop. Of course the tails comes with a vibrator that is currently resided in the girls’ bottom. As a zombie, their digestion system has been stopped functioning so it was very clean. Fumika is still focused on licking Takumi’s while Rika and Fumika, positioned theirself on top of Takumi’s legs and rubbed their thighs against it. The three girls really enjoyed themselves.

“Alright, everybody stop.”

The five girls stopped what they are doing and moved back a few steps. Right now they have understood everything that Takumi ordered on the bed.

Takumi sit down on the bed and he faced Yumi’s back. He entered her on the back lotus position. Without any problem, it entered her easily. It is wet and swallowed the whole thing in one go.

*sploch*

Wet sounds are emitted as Takumi move in and out. Yumi per Takumi instruction also moved her hips to matched Takumi rhythm. Her wild movement pleased Takumi.

“Look how well you moved.”

Of course Yumi couldn’t reply verbally but her movements get’s rougher. The more he praises her, the wilder she moves. Moving her hips up and down to please him. Takumi moves his hand towards her chest and massaged it caused her to overflow with love juice. More indecent sound is released as she gets wetter. Each time the obscene sound reached Takumi ear, he gets harder than before.

“Yumi… I’m coming!”

As the movement grows faster, Takumi grabbed her chest harder and when she moved down, Takumi burst up inside her. Yumi faced seemed to be satisfied although it is expressionless.

“Hiromi, you’re next.”

Takumi ordered Hiromi to stand on all fours. He will enter her from behind on doggy style. It didn’t take long before Takumi shoves all of him inside her. This fourteen years old body has familiar itself with Takumi and didn’t have any trouble accepting all of him. It is still tight but the juices helped him. He grabbed Hiromi braids on his hand and moved while pulling it. The sound of her bottom met with his hips and wet obscene sound where their privates connected is arousing.

“Hiromi, look at me.”

Hiromi glanced at him and it was such a tempting stare. As she opened her mouth and panting, Takumi moves harder.

“Hiromi, do you have something to say?”

As her body bounced back and forth, she couldn’t speak but a pant voice can be heard.

“Ah… Ah… Ah…”

Of course Takumi want to hear her moaning and panting like a normal girl but this alone is enough as the pleasure grows as she tightens when she panted.

“Ah… Ah… Ah…”

The small expressionless pant voice brings Takumi to his limit.

“Hiromi, receive all of this.”

The momentum isn’t the same as Yumi when he is at her deepest part. It was released as he moved in and out.

“Ah… Ah… Ah…”

Hiromi mouths gaped open as drool are flowing down from her and her upper body falls and couldn’t maintain her posture as Takumi ravaged her as he let it out.

After a while, Takumi take it out followed by the sound of a *pop* bottle opened sound.

“Fuu… that was pretty good Hiromi.”

Takumi go out and grabbed some soft drinks, gulped it down and shift his gaze to the three elementary school students zombie girl.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Once again, Takumi looked at the three elementary school students zombie. The three girls body isn’t covered by even a string. They wear cat ear hair bands and cat tail that is plugged to their bottom. Both hands and feet are also covered by cat glove and feet to complete the cat cosplay set.

It should be noted that these elementary school students age is at least 12 years old. When thinking of having intimate play with girls with single digit age, somehow guilt becomes a problem and Takumi lost his motivation.

(Tl note: at least his not a super pedophile right?)

“Fumika, come over here.”

Takumi ordered Fumika to come. She looks like a Japanese doll and is going to be the first one to be devoured.

Her genitals are already wet, overflowing with love juice. In the dimly lit room with the closed curtain, it is shine and slippery, mysteriously inviting Takumi to come. The red eyes glowing on her small face, as if telling Takumi to do his deed.

Takumi approached Fumika and lift one of her leg. While looking at her face, he entered her directly. It was amazing at how small she is but able to accepted all of Takumi’s. The inside of Fumika is wet and causing indecent sound as Takumi’s going in and out.

It was tight and wet, such a deadly combination and Takumi enjoyed the sensation by slowly going in and out. Fumika is expressionless but everytime when Takumi hit her deepest part, her mouth opened as if she is moaning.

Droll sloppily flowed out of her mouth until it reached her lower abdomen. Takumi don’t want it to disturb him so he turned her body without even taking it out. His hand take a firm grab on her waist and start to pound hard.

The small hole that is spread to the limit by the thing that is coming in and out, let out a sweet love juice until it form a puddle.

“Aaah…Aah…”

Fumika raised a high-pitched sound as if she is moaning. Although there is no tone to the voice but this time it was different from the usual low growl. Hearing that, Takumi is geeting excited.

“Fumika, you’re so lovely.”

Takumi didn’t know whether she could understand but as he said that, the high pitched voice interval got shorter.

“Aaah…ahh..aah…”

At the same time, her lower parts is tightening and squeezing Takumi’s. Takumi couldn’t hold it back and release all of it inside Fumika.

“Ugh… Fumika..”

Takumi waited for a while before slowly taking his lower part out of her. From where he left, a small gap can be seen with white liquid coming out. Fumika couldn’t stand on her legs and immediately fall on top of the bed while one of her hand is playing with herself.

Finished with her, Takumi eyes fall into Yayoi. She is the tallest among the three. Accompanied with her short hair, she could me mistaken as a boy as her chest area is under development and haven’t show its charm. Having lost her vivacity and richness expression of living beings, she is now licking Takumi member obediently.

The cold saliva enveloped Takumi’s and the tongue licking it skillfully. Takumi eyes is fixated on her tongue dancing on top of him.

“That was excellent, but let’s try something different today.”

Takumi ordered Yayoi to be on all four. Her head is laid down on the bed and causing her bottom to be outstretched upwards. In this pose, Takumi can clearly see her bottom half.

After the zombie apocalypse, Takumi has seen a large number of naked women. He also can start to discern the difference in their age and body. In this case, Yayoi body is still under development, the flat bottom and chest is modest and not developed. The lines on her body isn’t perfect but there is a distinct slim waist there.

Takumi attention is now fall on her bottom. Where the cat tails are plugged in, it was in a place where it is used to excrete.

“Even though you are a zombie, don’t you fell anything?”

He pulled the cat tail out and tried to push it in again.

“I’ll turn it on okay.”

as he said that, Takumi pressed the on power button on the cat tail. Immediatelly, the tail is swaying back and forth before Takumi turn it off and pulled it out in the process.

“Sorry, that was my bad.”

Takumi while laughing put away the cat tail. Then he takes a lotion and spread it at her untouched woman part. Compared to Fumika, it was dry so he need a lotion that he loot from adult shop.

Takumi spread the lotion on her privates part and spread it open.

“Will it be able to accept me?”

after that, Takumi prepared to enter her from behind. He can feel the thin membaren of hymen inside her, making her hole even tighter and narrow.

“It’s tight!”

as he said that, Takumi pushed his waist strongly and there is a sound of something being ripped. Not long after, the lotion comes out from where they connected with a drop of red blood.

Yayoi remain expressionless so Takumi isn’t hesitating to start pounding her. It was tight and narrow to the point it was painful but the lotion works wonder. This is her first time but she could accept all of Takumi without problem.

“Tight! It’s too tight!”

Takumi cried out several time as he is moving vigorously. Every once and then, Takumi keep adding lotion to make it smooth. Once Takumi feel cold liquid flowed out from her insides, he didn’t need to apply lotion again.

“It’s seemed like you’re getting used to this Yayoi.”

He touched her chest that is only slightly bulged where the center is already hard and pointing to the sky. It was pink pale and every time Takumi pinched on that part, her lower body is tightening and moving. Every time, it makes Takumi feel numb from the sweet squeezing pleasure.

Even though he just released his load not long ago, he feel that it is coming. Takumi couldn’t hold it back anymore.

“Yayoi, this is the taste of a man. Accept your first experience.”

vigorously, Takumi release his load that is more than before. With a shudder, Takumi takes it out and a white liquid followed to drip down from Yayoi sensitive place.

Finally, the turn comes to Rika. She was short but beautiful like a western doll. Twin tails and ribbon are emitting young and cute fragrance. When she was alive, she looked like inexperienced but Takumi is being surprised with her proactively outstanding technique.

Now, Takumi only laid down on the bed. She didn’t need to be ordered before she rubbed her abdomen on his.

At first, her movement was rigid and awkward but after a few times, her movement was adept. From her lower half, love juice are flowing out visibly. It doesn’t take much effor to make her prepared and it will enhance the pleasure.

“Now, I’ll let you do the work.”

Takumi put his hands on Rika waist and with gleaming eyes, her gaze never strayed from Takumi. She raised her hip trying to put it in.

“Keep trying, I know you can inserted it on your own.”

If any ordinary elementary school heard that, they may not understand but Rika knows well what she has to do.

Takumi towering member is now located at her entrance as she lowered herself.

“Slowly…”

Takumi said that because it was painful. It was wet but it is tight nonetheless.

There is a speck of red blood but as she moved her body, it couldn’t be seen anymore. After finally tasting the three girls body, Takumi is entranced with their tightness.

“…aaah!”

From all of them, Rika is the tightest. Even thought it was slippery, it was too tight, moving, squeezing, as if another living beings is located there. She doesn’t even moving. Slowly, she started to move and Takumi lower half is in other world. Her movement is very lustful and visually enticing. Even though her stature is small and her chest is only slightly bulged, even with that small body, Takumi was drawn in.

His hand reached for her chest while she moved up and down like a piston. As she move faster, her lower member tighten. As if she was dancing, she seemed to enjoy all of it. Her red eyes shine mysteriously and low growl sound can be heard. Takumi responded to that growl as he also moved alongside her.

“Ahh….Aaa…”

Rika expressionlessly narrowed her eyes and as if there is a mouth on her lower parts, there is a suction feeling. She couldn’t hold her body upwards and fall on top of Takumi. She used this position to lick and kiss his neck.

Accompanied with the cold kiss, suction on his lower half, there is no way for him to hold it back. Only increasing pleasure that is uncontrolable. In the next moment, he released another load inside of her.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        After sending the zombie girls into the bathroom, Takumi lying naked on top of the bed after changing the bed sheets into a new one. It was strange that after the sex feast is over he entered the wise man mode and his mind was calm. Slowly he think about the situation.

Of course it was about what he will do in the future.

The current situation didn’t show any sign to ends soon and things that he alone can do is limited.

“Maybe this is enough for now.”
above all, he still need to maintain his health and survival in this extreme situation. When he was sick, it becomes impossible to go and see a doctor, that’s why even a simple sickness is a doom. Not to mention if it was an unknown sickness. Just a simple pneumonia from the cold even becomes hard to diagnose and treat. Therefore Takumi also need to take care of his health and food intake. Make sure that his digestion system doesn’t encounter any problem.

Yu and Anba is still looking very healthy at the moment so it wouldn’t be funny if Takumi is the one who fell sick while he in fact should take care of the two.

“It was impossible to have a good diet if I didn’t found some source for fiber.”

However, it is also not to mention that Takumi physical condition is far better than what it used to be. His current body is light and didn’t feel even tired after he walked far around the area and looting miscellaneous in the middle of the night. His face freckles and pimples are also gone, his skin is now as if he was still in his teens.

So for the time being, aside from the diet problem, he also still need to think about this zombie apocalypse. Some people still surviving out there because the internet still have people posting from time to time. If you look at it, it is probably the last stand of mankind where we unite at once trying to gathered our knowledge.

As time goes by, lots of people are also writing encouragement that is increasing every day.
But still one question remain unanswered.

“Why does the zombie apocalypse occurred?”

majority agreed that it was because of a virus. Some people said it was an evolving parasite and even a research was done to see if zombie’s brain have a parasite living inside them. However none of the theory can be proven. Even using electron microscope, there is not a speck of clue.

At the same time, people thinking back about the zombie themed movie, novels, comics and games. Takumi himself rummage in the net but his focus was on erotic cartoons and erotic novels.
“Ah, this story about the MC not attacked by the zombie. Could it be me?”

in one of the novel he read, the zombie are able to turn back into human by having sex. In that novel, the MC ‘white liquid’ carried something that could killed the zombie virus. However it was only a faint hope. After all Takumi has released lots of his loads inside the zombies but there is no miracle such as they returned into human beings.

Speaking of changes, the zombie are now acting more and more natural. At first, their walking style was wobbling unsteady left and right badly but right now they regain their balance and walk normally. If you look at them from the distance, there is no real differences. And this phenomenon that Takumi saw also occurred all over the world.

“It is as if the zombie has accustomed to move in their new body.”
like common occurrence where a child isn’t able to ride bicycle for the first time but after time passed, they will be able to ride perfectly.

Takumi suddenly shook his head. This kind of idea is unacceptable. It was as if the human body is taken over by zombies entity.

“Onii….chan…”

Takumi looked back and found Azuri. It was because of her that his theory was broken down. Azuri is now a zombie but her eyes is always directed to Takumi. When at first she is even able to protect Yu and Anba when they are still in the school just in case of emergency, now she didn’t need to do that anymore. The apartment security was sufficient and at the lower level, layer after layer of zombie is gathered. Takumi himself are proud at his new defense.

That is also why he feel a guilt in his heart that he let Azuri be in such a state. He will feel the same if it happened to Yu and Anba. Right now, the two of them aren’t able to move around without Takumi permission and it was restricted to their residential floor only. Although it was seemed to be a complex instruction but they both comply obediently.

It was also why Azuri sometimes can be seen besides Anba and Yu. Perharps she is still following her previous command to protect them. Takumi wanted to believes that was the case. But still she is a zombie in a room with two normal people. However Takumi still let Azuri to be able to freely wander around. That is why, she is able to come here right now.

Takumi lost in his thoughts. Is she still has her memory? He want to see a hope to return her to her previous condition.

“Azuri…”

Takumi stretched out his hands to pats her head and Azuri responded by moving forward a little. Seeing that, his brain thinks again.

No matter what is her condition now, Azuri is still his sister. Both Anba and Azuri, they are his sister. They are the only things that he could be proud of. Smart and beautiful, good personality, that is his sister. Anba that is cheerful and always be the center of attention, respected, surrounded by many friends, junior and even senior. Azuri prefered to read book quietly alone but apart from that, she was smart and has lots of friends in class with looks that is not losing to her sister. A hint of sadness appeared in his eyes.

In his memory, he always see Anba smiled like a sunflower blooming and Azuri smile like the lotus in the pond. Both of them coyly called him ‘onii-san’.

“Onii….chan…”

right now, Azuri voice that called out to him lack any emotion. It was still her lovely voice but her cuteness is gone. Still, Azuri is able to speak those words that recognized Takumi as her brother. In her mind Takumi is still Takumi. The more he think about it the more he confused.

Azuri also like the others zombie, start to show changes little by little. Is it possible if she will completely turn into a zombie in the future? It’s something that Takumi want to avoid.

“Onii…. Chan…”
Even if there is a gap before the other words come out, each sentence are calling out to Takumi many times. Each time, Takumi always stroked her head and eventually Azuri will fall silent and sit down on the bed.

After that some rumbling sound can be heard. Takumi directs his face towards the source and it was the naked body of Yayoi, Rika and Fumika comes out from the bath with towel covering their body. This is really a pleasing sight if only the three of them wasn’t expressionless zombie girls with shining red eyes that is surreal.

Even after finishing the bath, it just stand still without doing nothing to wiped the body with the towel which every living human will naturally do. As he thinks like that, he feels something changed.

“The three of you…”
The girls listened to his voice and looked at him. However they are moving towards him like a robot without feelings. If only there is a trace of emotion inside them.

“Ah, nothing. Just make sure to wipe your body.”
the zombies didn’t answered and just obediently followed the instruction.

Without showing much movement when wiping their body with the towel, and didn’t care if Takumi that is from the opposite sex are in the same room with them. Takumi takes a deep breath and decided to take a shower to clean himself.

………………..
(TL note: finally some development to the story)
“Fu… hot…”

Sakura said as she walked under the blazing sun. it was the 19th street from the university that is full of zombies roaming around. Sakura wears a white tank top and short dark blue jeans. She tied her hair up in a ponytail and looking around with full of curiosity. Her sharp eyes full of strong will and looked impressive. Her chest area is developed enough to creates a fascinating valley under the white tank top. Slender legs that is wrapped in the short jeans are something that invites crime along with her smooth thighs.

Even though he is under the blazing summer sun, her skin wasn’t affected at all and still retain its pure white color. If it was a month before, every men’s eyes definitely would be gazing at her with full of lust and admiration.

After the zombie apocalypse if someone goes out like this with exposed dressing was akin to suicide. It was common sense that to reduce the possibility of being infected by a zombie, one would wear thick clothing for protection. It was even aired in the special TV program that the government publicize.

So was she looking to suicide? The answer is not.
“Well, I wish I could find other survivor.”
Sakura examined the group of zombie with observant eyes. Yes, it can be said that in the city full of zombie, she is not attacked by them.

One month ago at the university of Tokyo she was bitten by a zombie however she couldn’t remember anything else aside from that.

“I just realized, maybe I’m not a human anymore.”

She tried to search her house but her parents are already dead and become a zombie. Why they turn into a zombie while she survived? What kind of circumstances that lead to her condition?

At her early days, she feels heavy headache but as times goes by, it reduced and now she has a very good condition.

Any zombies that is overflowing the road gives her a different kind of feeling which makes her understand.

(Tl note: sakura is talking to herself)

“They are not my kind.”
“Where is my kind?”
“There are some that is the same like me.”
“Somehow I understand.”
“We must increase our number.”
“This is because there are still a lot of human and our number is still small.”
“We need to increase our number.”

“How?”

“Of course I need to find my man.”

“I need to find a man because I’m a woman.”

“But, human male is useless. Zombie also didn’t work.”

“Ah, how can I not understand?”

“Somewhere, there are a person that will lead us.”

“Our king? Emperor? Master?”

“No matter what we need to find this person.”

“But where? Where is he?”

“Maybe he is in the place where other people live?”

“There is a chance that I will find one of my kind.”

Toward the center district on the 23rd street, Sakura began to walk.
Her backpack are filled with sleeping bags, food, and survival necessity. She already walked from the middle of the night until now, noon. But she can only see zombie all over the place.

“What do I have to do?”

When she arrived at a major intersection, she get an idea. There is some man wearing JSDF uniform.

(Tl note: this is the man in the radio talking)
“What?”

“We find survivor!”

Sakura stopped for a moment and decided to observe the situation. Because there is no way the JSDF will go this far just to save a single survivor.

Just in case they really did that, they wouldn’t do it in the middle of the day and will choose the night where less zombie roaming around.

Sakura tried to hear more of the conversation from the radio.

“Yes… I understand… Doctor Nakagawa you survived the virus. We will come and take you back to the shelter.”

She must be going to be taken to a shelter or refugee camp. However one thing disturbing her. If she is also a survivor, she might have an answer. Nakagawa Sarah is a renowned medical scientist and nobody will doubt her words. Soon, fate brought two girls that survived after being bitten by zombie together.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie Master chapter 27

Chapter 27: Bathing

Edited: ganjz

“Fu…”
After entering the bathtub filled with hot water, Takumi let out a deep breath. Since the zombie apocalypse occurred, he was always filled with anxiety and didn’t really care about what happened to his body, however for the first time entering the comfortable bath, he had forgotten about all of his problem.

After some time, some of the zombie girl entered the bath along with him but the water didn’t turn dirty. At first, the image of a zombie entering the hot water bath is a dirty sight with dirt and turn the water dark. However when the zombie entered the water and it was still clear without a speck of dirt visible floating on the water. The zombies were clean just like humans. This makes Takumi think, even when before they entered the bath, the zombies didn’t let out any rotten smell. It was different from Anba and Yu which are still alive and sweating although it was rude but it was true.

“I also need to take care of my own body odor.”
after muttering that, Takumi begin to wash his body with soap. He couldn’t even smell his own smell but he don’t want to make Anba and Yu pointed it out for him. That’s why he has been carefully washing his body every day.

*Gasha*
at that time, the sound of the door of the bath opening can be heard. When Takumi looked to the left, Azuri was there standing naked.

“Azuri?”

There stood a petite girl with a small body like a western doll. Small face, and long black hair flowing down. Although she was expressionless but she was still looked so beautiful yet fragile. Her chest was still developing and only bulged slightly like an elementary school students. The pink buds wasn’t clearly visible because of the steam.

Her lower body, some thin layer of hair can be seen growing hiding a small crack like a secret garden. Although at this point Takumi can be said has been tired seeing countless naked girl but his heart still skipped a beat when he look at her.

When they were young, they used to take baths together and still despite now she was a zombie, it won’t be a problem however Takumi has a hard time looking at her.

“Onii-chan…”

Azuri as usual didn’t talk much and move towards Takumi back and made him stunned. The apartment bath was indeed large enough for two people to enter together however when two people are inside, it was still only leaving small space between them. Azuri at this point doing things on her own accord, the first time since she turned into a zombie. She was still looking at Takumi expressionless and then Azuri’s hand started to move up and down washing Takumi back.
Azuri hand slowly reach up for some soap and make it bubbles and then started to wash Takumi’s back. At this point Takumi realized what she was doing. The last time they had bath together was before Takumi enter university. At that time Azuri was still around third grade in elementary school. Anba at that time was already in the fifth grade so she doesn’t enter the bath together with him anymore. At this time, Takumi felt some nostalgia. Although he wanted to ask Azuri to go out of the bath but he can feel Azuri affection from her movements.

“Do you want to use this?”

Takumi hand out a net sponge towards Azuri but she didn’t show any sign to take it. Azuri just silently and slowly stroked gently Takumi’s back using her hands. Even though her hands were cold and there was some soap mixed in it, combined with the hot and steamy water it made Takumi felt comfortable. Takumi for a while thinking that it was only a dream, however when he looked at his sister again he felt embarrassed. After a while he became calm again.

(I don’t know what Azuri is thinking but what is her true intention of doing this?) – Takumi

“Azuri… Why are you doing this?”
Takumi asked her with a trembling voice and was hoping for an answer but she stayed silent.

Not long after, Takumi thoughts were betrayed. Azuri moved her hands from his back and start to reach out for his chest. At this point clearly her hand movements were not like someone that is wanting to wash him.

“Azuri?”
Takumi was trying to stand up in a hurry but his movement stopped when Azuri hugged him tightly from behind. No matter how hard he struggled, she won’t let go. Afterall Azuri is now a zombie even though her appearance is not convincing but she has some strength.

When Takumi gave up and sit back again, Azuri moved her body up and down and pressing her chest slowly on Takumi’s back. Even if it was under developed, he can still feel the slight bulge and it was enough to cause his heart to thump. Even though just before taking a bath Takumi had let out many times to the girls but he regained his vigor and it was already standing up. Then as if it were natural, Azuri squeeze it gently with her hands that were full of soap and bubbles.

“…!”

Takumi body trembles with only a touch. The thoughts of being touched by your sister is different and he had a bubbling feelings coming up from the bottom of his heart.

Azuri was holding it gently and she stroked it many times from the root to the tip. The soap and the bubbles became the lubricant and it stimulates Takumi’s sensitive parts many times in short interval. It wasn’t just her fingers that roamed on Takumi’s but all of her hands were roaming around swiftly.

“Azuri… you…”

Although she won’t answer to his words since she was a zombie, he still need to say that. Since that delicate touch that she delivered wasn’t like any other zombies. Before long her hands were running wild and stimulate Takumi’s further.

It was a weird tension where there was a sense of crisis, embarrassment and a weird feeling that came from his man’s part. Azuri movement was gentle and subtle yet it gave enough pressure for Takumi. Not to mention the soap that added the smooth feelings, it was giving far too much stimulus for Takumi. Everytime her hands moved back and forth, there was a wet sound produced from the soap, water and skin friction.

Due to the pleasure, Takumi rested his body back towards Azuri and now he can see her face besides him. Although her stature was small, she was able to support Takumi’s body weight.

The rhythmic movement produced a sound that gradually turns faster. Azuri right hand was moving continuously while her left was roaming wild. Everytime her hand moved, Takumi felt a sensation running on his body. The force was not too strong and not too weak, it was perfect and keep on sending pleasures surging for him.

When Takumi tilted his face, he can see Azuri was looking at him with her red glowing eyes. It may only be an illusion but there were movements in her eyes. It was only for a second before it disappeared and her face was still expressionless.

“I can’t hold it back anymore.”

As that eyes looking at him, he felt that he was at the limit. However Azuri’s hand stopped at that critical moment. She even move her body so she isn’t supporting Takumi’s body anymore. Takumi who was now using his arm to support his body was confused but the next scene was mind blowing.

Azuri put it inside her mouth. The next moment, her small tongue began to quickly lick all over it and the cold sensation of her mouth, and wetness was unimaginable. Takumi won’t last long.

“Azuri, I’m coming.”

It took less than ten movements of her head that Takumi let it all out inside her mouth. He really let it out inside his sister’s mouth. She stopped her movement and waiting for all of the load to be discharged before moving again in a slowly sucking movement. Each time she moved, as if squeezing the remaining liquid that was still inside of Takumi.

Each time she moved, as if she needed more and while doing so she also swallowed the liquid that is inside her mouth. Finally she let it out with a wet and popping sound from her mouth.

“Onii-chan…”
Azuri once again called his name in a soft whisper while looking directly into his eyes. That innocent face of her sister somehow still showing her naivety despite what she has just done. Takumi also could only look at her without reacting anymore. After awhile, he can only place his right hand on her head and pat her wholeheartedly.

“Azuri…”

however he still can’t decide on what to say so he just simply call her name. He wanted to say lots of things but nothing came into his mind and the situation wasn’t suitable. Now, he could only quickly wash his own body and his sister’s and quickly leave the bath. Next, he was getting dressed and also put on Azuri clothes. She was now wearing a pink pajamas and she doesn’t look like a zombie at all. Since at the moment all the zombie have tattered clothes and look very dirty thus Azuri look very human like except her red glowing eyes.

Takumi look left and right as if he was doing something wrong and afraid of getting found out after realizing that nobody was here, he laughed it off at his own stupid conduct.

“Do as I say.”
Takumi then sat on the sofa while Azuri sat beside him.

“Azuri…”
He does what he usually did, which was spoiling Azuri. He put his hand around Azuri and started to stroke her head gently.

However at that time Takumi couldn’t see what happened. Azuri expression changed as she put her head on Takumi shoulder. At that time, Takumi also thinking how he should act around Anba and Yu.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie master chapter 28

Chapter 28: slow destruction

Edited:Ganjz

Takumi was thinking about the future on how he will live from now on. He has been looking for emergency food everyday however there’s not enough vegetables or plants and crops seeds.

The zombie apocalypse was not like a major threat to humanity like how it was shown on movies or games since there might be some country that have prepared against this kind of apocalypse. It may even be possible to kill all of the zombie if the world’s big power joined together and move their army. However Takumi have no idea on how hard actually it is to move the army and how long it will arrive in Japan.

The most worrisome thing was food that couldn’t be imported anywhere and fuel which was always imported from outside of Japan. If things stay this way, Japan will slowly be heading into destruction. The water and electricity may be running now but there’s no telling for how long. Sooner or later, people will be forced to move from their shelter for survival not because of the zombie attacks but because of endeavor to ensure food. Takumi also can’t let Anba and Yu starving. The longest time he can support both of them, at the longest is five years that was if they relied only on canned food. If things occurred for more than a decade, even canned food will be expired and face the danger of corrosion. Even if they kept on moving and find some food in the end it will run out since no new food source was found and produced.

Although there was a possibility that animals can be consumed but no report yet if they are safe since there could be zombie animal. Even if they successfully catch animals and fish, there is no guarantee that Anba and Yu won’t turn to a zombie because the animals may become a virus carrier. Years from now, Takumi already think that far ahead and full of anxiety. The more he thinks about it, the more confused and worried he became. It was already good since he doesn’t have to think about defending from zombies too which was on every humans’ mind at the moment.

Takumi finished checking his inventory, emergency food, and turned off the lights as he get out from the zombie harem room. In fact, his situation was way better than any other human out there. Without having to be fear of zombie attack, bath, toilet, air conditioning, water, and food, all were fulfilled and he can even have some entertainment in the movie room.

For Japanese who had lived in clean environment as a developed country, even in a shelter just because of the toilets was below standard, it can accumulate a great deal of stress. Although they can make temporary toilet just in case emergency earthquake occurred but this time the situation was too large to be handled and this disaster occurred everywhere, leaving no time even to build a simple toilet. The most important things were they have to fight everyday and their movements were restricted because of the zombies that were scattered everywhere. Those who fell ill because of toilet stress and desperation will not be a few.
(TL note: really this toilet stress was funny lol)

in addition, because the fear of being attacked by a zombie, they can’t even go to the toilet in a relaxed mood and it caused more stress. The best thing to do was to ask someone to watch out when you are going to the toilet but it wasn’t really comfortable at all.

In such situation, emergency shelters such as the JSDF and riot police HQ getting less food and water distributed to survivors. If it kept on continuing, in one month their supplies will be gone. Of course the government has to grasp the situation but they don’t want to let the public know about it and keep on broadcasting about it.

“OO shelter is still there, and survivor are welcomed.”

however since the net is still up, some info can be get from the SNS or blog about the shelter’s condition and soon enough people could see that the shelters aren’t really guaranteeing anything and despair filled the places sooner or later. The side effects of the zombie apocalypse could be seen. The situation has been deteriorated. People were full of despair, all around the net, they also kept on looking for a speck of light that could bring hope to the world. But when the net goes down, finally their hope will slowly fade. Humanity slowly is heading to its destruction.

For normal people, there was no peace in their mind but Takumi under such circumstances was now sunbathing in the room. Lately there was no helicopter moving or flying around the town. He was sunbathing by moving the sofa into the location where the sun light falls. He did that to maintain a healthy exposure to the sun light. For example, vitamin D that can be acquired from the morning sun. in fact after doing that for some time, Takumi felt that his body condition is getting better.

He can also feel his stomach is filled. He at that moment taking meal once a day and lately the amount has been getting lesser and at this point he think that he will be okay without a meal and it was only compulsory. It wasn’t only him that sunbathing, all of the zombie girl are all there on his left and right, naked.

Directly on his right side was a high school student with a ponytail hair. She was recently found around the vicinity and not brought from Anba school. Her chest was already well shaped and growing. Takumi is now playing with it as he feel the exquisite elasticity feeling that was transmitted by his hand. It was soft and big like an adult woman’s but it has a trace of immature hardness. The fresh skin of a teenager is superb and it also can no longer sweat after they become zombie. Takumi was playing with the pink pearl on her body and massaged her chest. However when he was doing that, something came up and stopped him. On his left, a girl with a short hair around junior high school students’ age with a bangs that can be seen. Her facial features were clean and cute. Petite but all of her limbs are firm. She was probably an athlete as there was only a slight bulge on her chest. He slowly stroked her cheek and shoulder but her calm face remain expressionless.

Sitting in front of Takumi, it was another girl, Azuri. With the other two girls, she was servicing Takumi using her mouth and tongue. Her white skin, petite doll-like face and bluish lips contrasted with her long red tongue as it run over Takumi’s body. Her tongue was moving wildly as if it was a living being. She was licking it greedily before finally putting it up inside her mouth while making a wet sound. After countless times going in and out, Takumi’s are now sticky and wet from Azuri’s saliva. He also had let it out countless times inside her mouth but he didn’t show any sign of losing its hardness. Takumi suddenly looked into Azuri eyes, as their eyes met each other and, as usual, he can’t guess what she was thinking from her expressionless face.

“Onii-chan…”
Takumi heard her voice but compared to before there seemed to be a little halt on her diction. Her voice also getting clearer compared to before that is almost like a mosquito buzzing. More than anything, her eyes were showing a glint for a moment. He may think that it was his imagination again but there was a possibility that something was happening.

“Azuri, that’s enough.”

Because he don’t know on what to do, he just commanded Azuri to remained away from him and falls back a few step.

“…Darn.”
Takumi mind was now disturbed. He wanted to think but he don’t know anymore so he look at the girl with the short hair cut and pierced her deep in her wet hole. In particular it was to distract his mind. She accepted all of him but there was not a single trace of her virginity that he took only a few days ago. Looking at her, she was completely like a lewd girl by now and more importantly her lower parts were cleanly shaved. It was like a child’s since it was smooth without any hair at all.

“Tighten it.”

on his words, she start to tightens, not only that, she wrapped him completely and as if it was alive, something was squeezing Takumi’s. After that, Takumi lifted the girl and carried her while he moved her up and down. The love juice completely overflowed each time he thrust and yet it only gets tighter and tighter.

“Now, it’s time for you to move your hip.”
as Takumi ordered that, the girl put her feet on the sofa and turned her body in a clockwise direction so she was now half standing on top of the sofa with her back facing Takumi and she began to move. Each time she moved, Takumi felt a very pleasant feelings. Before long, the pleasure driving Takumi to the edge. At this point Takumi moved along with the girl vigorously. The sound of their body colliding with each other. The sound of love juice that was coming up every time he pulls it out and pushed it back in was resounded. The girl was tightening with every thrust. Until Takumi couldn’t take it anymore. As his limit came, he let it out inside of her many times until it was even coming out overflowed. After he took it out of her, she politely lick him to clean it up.

After it was clean, Takumi pulled the ponytail girl and do her from behind while standing. It also easily entered her without any resistance. Once it was in, she slowly secretes large amount of love juice and it wrapped Takumi’s. Since he was doing her from behind, he didn’t forget to grab her chest and rubbed it wildly while moving his hip. There were undulate feelings every time he moved in and out as it enveloped him entirely.

“This feeling… I am already on my limit again.”

While moving violently, his hands were also massaging her. The feeling of the soft and lump pudding, it isn’t losing to the heavenly feelings that is caused by her lower body.

*Zuppu Zuppu Zuppu*

the wet sound of two pieces of meat came together was so obscene and further enhanced Takumi’s pleasure. No matter how many times he experienced it, he still took pleasure and felt excited. The softness, tightness, wetness, he could never get enough of it. In a few minutes he will let himself loose inside of her again. The overflowing love juice made it smooth to get in and out despite the tightness.

“Okay, here we go…”

Takumi eyes were ful of pleasure and his breath was now getting harder as the final moment was approaching. Finally, he planted it deep inside of her and let it all out. He was exhausted and immediately pull it out as he sat down on the sofa again. Watching the substance that slowly drip out of the ponytail girl and look at Azuri afterwards.

“Azuri…”

Takumi called out to her as she obediently walked quietly on all fours and clean up the mess carefully with her tongue.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie Master 29

The zombie is slowly become aware of the humanity survivor. It was start as a rumor on the net but in fact it indeed recognized the human survivor. The survivor at this point already researched about the zombie movement further. They have some camera installed at some point and from it they can see the differences of the movement of the zombie.

In the beginning of zombie apocalypse, the zombie movement was rough, unorganized and slow. It was rare but sometimes there is some that has a fast response towards human. Sooner or later, they start to show sign of abnormal development of muscle and looks like a monster. Some show that zombie that doesn’t really have any appearances from normal human walking normally. The worst thing is the female zombie seemed to be stronger than the male one. In addition, the number of female in the world is much more than male. It was such a horror knowing that the number of enemy that they have to face is much more.

The infection rate is also crazy. At first it was believed that the virus can only be spread through zombie bite but at the moment, any wound that is caused by a zombie even showing sign of infection. A man was slashed in the neck but soon the blood turned to black showing sign of infection. The zombies also have an amazing regeneration. Unless their head is cut off, they won’t be defeated.

The fact that their amazing recovery makes them able to survive even the fatal wound, make some people believe. They are not undead but a living dead. Some even made a theory that zombie is an evolved organism of human, in other words, human evolution and will become the new ruler of earth. Although that idea was crazy but if it wasn’t stopping some already have a premonition that it might be true.

While people around the world are suffering in despair, Takumi is enjoying his day. As usual, he didn’t do anything much other than ordering the zombie to take guard. He also examined the sombie and nothing changed. The heart isn’t beating, their expressionless remained, body temperature was low and the glowing red pupil is still there. They are waiting there, waiting for Takumi commands like robot. However, when Takumi gives his order, they will try to complete it to the limit of their ability.

Takumi also still order them to take a bath and change their clothes regularly like normal human. Although their rigid robot like movement and their unchanged expression showed them that they are no longer human. They can’t even do simple conversation that makes it clear that they have turn into zombie.

Recently, there are also changes to the normal zombie out there. Every time they saw Takumi, they will be startled. However, Takumi himself didn’t see that changes as important. Since he keeps on meeting with them every day and a slight change like that won’t make him noticed it. He views it as a natural thing they do.

Also one of the most important things that is discussed about the zombie apocalypse is whether or not they have emotion. However, for this one, Takumi has given up. The zombie seemed to have emotion yet they are not.

In the first day, when he saw a man attacked he was running in fear and panic but lately he turned into a zombie and those fear and panic vanished.

His mentality also changed. For not Takumi thinking simply for survival as everyone else is also trying to survive on their own. It was totally different from his former self that believe in helping each other in crisis. It also because Takumi way of thinking that he can survive on his own and it was convenient that the zombie can even do household chores on his order.

Now, Takumi is massaging the two high school girls’ zombie that is naked both on his sides. While sitting on the couch he gives them enough pressure and rubbing it as he wishes. One of the girls has a semi-long her. Her nickname has been changed several times from onee-san into sl*t and now called ero student. Her large chest and slightly drooping eyes is one of her charm point.

She is now moving on top of Takumi in a steady pace. As a zombie, her stamina and leg strength was enough to make her do it all night. Although he has entered her many times, he never gets bored. It always welcomed him with plenty of love juice and the tightness never reduced. Her up and down motion sways her chest accordingly and every time she moves up, she always take it out and when she moves down she always take it all the way deeply. It was one of the reason why he calls her ero student.

In front of her, another student is sitting on top of his head. His eyes are now stuck seeing a big bottom and that twitching parts. Every time it was wriggle and moving, such an obscene spectacle always makes him excited.

Every day he always enjoying himself without realizing that Yu is there taking a peek at him. At first Takumi always ask Yu to return to the room but she won’t listen to him. Although she was still a virgin, there are no other spot on her body that haven’t been touched by Takumi. Of course the main reason is her skin was warm and it has a different charm from the zombies. However, when Yu is there, staring at him, Azuri always come and hugged her from behind. She even licks her neck from behind until she was trembles. Of course seeing the sight of them together makes Takumi confused but excited. It only happened recently when Azuri is approaching Yu. At first Takumi afraid that she will hurt Yu but it doesn’t happen. They started to take bath together and finally this happened. They are even able to give mouth service to Takumi at the same time together.

At that point their saliva was tangled up together and Takumi is worried that Yu might turn into a zombie but after some time, he was convinced that Yu isn’t infected by that. So it also makes him confused.

(Somehow, saliva isn’t one of the virus carrier substance) – Takumi

Yu didn’t even show the slightest sign of being infected so far. So was it something in the zombie teeth that need is transferred directly into the victim blood? Takumi at this point don’t know anymore.

He only knows that as a man that is bitten by zombie, he will have enormous sex drive like him. There are also debates whether the zombies are having sex between zombie but it was all only some rumor on the net. Yu on the other hand already accepted this situation. She believes that Azuri won’t hurt her and she doesn’t mind even what they do are almost yuri. Azuri also obeyed Takumi order just in case things goes bad, he can still order her.

However, this is not the time to think of anything else. Takumi brought back to reality by the amazing pleasures that is coming on his waist. The movement of the ero student and her techniques that sometimes mix a turn and shake increased the pleasures. It was one of the reason he likes to embraced her.

At the same time, the scene on the back of his body become hotter. Azuri and Yu was there, cold and warm embrace at the same time.

“Ahn…”

Yu let out her voice instinctively as Azuri massaged her chest. Every time her fingers ran around her body, Yu always let out a voice. Looking at the yuri scene, Takumi can feel that he is nearing his end. He grabbed the ero student’s chest and start to massaged it. He is doing that while looking at Azuri that is enjoying herself on top of Yu. Every time Takumi rubbed harder, it keeps on getting tighter driving him to his limit. It was tight yet it still envelopes him wetly, soft and it was perfect. Suddenly the ero student turn her body and rotated her hips. Every time she did that, it was getting tighter and giving a new sensation for Takumi.

“Ah, it’s out!”

Takumi under the new sensation couldn’t hold it back anymore and let it all out inside of her. It was the first time that he couldn’t hold himself back. Not long after some white liquid can be seen flowing out from her. However, she didn’t stop at that moment. She is squeezing him dry and only stopped when he already let it all out.

Takumi is resting but he heard some wet sounds from behind. Azuri is now completely all over Yu. She is licking all over her body without missing any spot.

“Yu-chan… such a pleasant sight…”

“Onii-san, please, do something…”

Takumi approached her and kiss her. The warmth of her mouth was different than the zombies and it makes Takumi hard again. Yu put it inside her mouth and the warmth was superb. She even smiled happily while licking it. She is sucking it hard as if it was reluctant to part with it. After that, Azuri comes and joined and the coldness come immediately. The changes of temperature even make Takumi shivers and trembles however they didn’t stop there.

After some time intertwined with the cold and warm tongue, he is now ready again. He is now walking towards the main dish. This girl was found by chance in the city yesterday. She wears a sailor uniform and have a curly black hair. Her eyes were big and fits her long face. The girl name is Yoshinari Nakahara, 14 years old and she is a famous girl that is starring in a soft drink commercial and be one the number one girl in the Pretty Face Grand Prix. She even debuted as an idol and have an album. It was only because she was so famous that Takumi recognized her face.

“Yoshinari, take off your skirt.”

Under his instruction, Yoshinari take off her dark blue skirt and show her fair white skin of her thighs. Underneath she wears a white panty with a black knee socks that look charming. Takumi eyes is looking at him as if he wants to eat her whole.

                    \\pagebreak\\\\
        Zombie master chapter 30

Zombie master chapter 30: change part 2

When she is still alive, Yoshinari carefee smile is charming. Now, her face become expressionless along with her zombie red shining eyes. Even if she can’t speak now, she is still attractive. Her clean good look is giving the aura of serene beauty that shined and matched with her expressionless face.

When Takumi ordered her to take off her sailor uniform, what appears is white and unadorned bra that covers a treasure. Takumi only shifted it on top without bother to remove it and soon the rounded bulge is exposed.

It was a firm and beautiful body that appeared in commercial. When it first come out, her orange bikini from the commercial makes countless men dreaming about what is hidden underneath them.

Takumi extended his right hand and grabbed her on the waist. He can clearly feel her body from her thin waist and he draws her closer directly in front of him, face to face.

Takumi then devoured Yoshinari’s lips. Since the body temperature is low, he can feel the cold from it but the lips isn’t dry. It was damp and soft which is enough to blurred Takumi’s reasoning when their lips met on contact.

They entwined deeper as he held Yoshinari’s head tightly and use his tongue to explored inside her mouth. Despite all of that, Yoshinari didn’t show any changes in her expression.

“Stick out your tongue.”
That is the first thing that Takumi said after their lips parted. In response to Takumi’s words, Yoshinari stick out her tongue. Despite the fact that her blood has stopped circulating, the tongue is still colored red mysteriously. Her tongue is longer than average and sticking out accompanied with some saliva. Takumi can’t hold it back any longer and suck on the tongue.

Their tongue met as it entwined together and producing a wet sound. Takumi thoroughly enjoyed this. At first as their tongue dances together, Yoshinari didn’t show any reaction. Of course it was normal as she is a zombie.

However, something happened and make Takumi surprised. Yoshinari responded and their exchange become more passionate and it turns into a deep kiss as he held her head tighter. In addition, as they kissed Takumi brings his hand towards the bulge in her chest which fits perfectly in his palm. It was big and soft but still has the firmness of the young age which is one of Takumi favorites preferences.

In particular, Yoshinari’s skin is better than what most people could imagine. It was soft and smooth when being touched. With his outstretched hand, he slowly rubbed the bulge. It was something that can only be seen in commercials and drive people crazy.

The saliva continues to make an obscene sound as their tongue entwined. While still rubbing the bulge on Yoshinari’s chest, he pushed her across the room to the bed. His left hand is holding Yoshinari arm while his right hand is caressing alternately between her right and left chest. His face is breathing heavily, inhaling her aroma while licking her thin white neck. He can smell a sweet girly scent.

With a pinch on the small area in the middle of her chest, she leaked out a small faint sound as if she stopped breathing. Her beautiful doll like face is pleasing to the eyes as her big red eyes shined, but no one can see what is she thinking.

Takumi didn’t saw that as he moved his hand towards her lower body along with his line of sight, slowly moving to her white thighs. Although her body is still underdeveloped if we compared it to an adult’s dynamite body, it has a unique teen charms elasticity that didn’t lose out.

Takumi couldn’t suppress his urge anymore and is driven by desire to devour Yoshinari. He removes her underwear with both hands easily. There is a hint of a few hair growing and on her 14 years old age, it was closed to a state where it was shaved. Her lower body already protrude like an adult woman but at the same time it also still looks like a grade schooler. To put it simply, it was in the middle of transformation.

“I never thought it can be this cute.”
Looking at her bare body, the girl that is idolized by many, and her close to shaved mound, give Takumi a good feeling as he spread it with his arm and found out something unexpected.

“you… you’re still a virgin!”
The entertainment world was known to everyone. For big name entertainers, to pave your way doing some pillow service was normal and without prejudice, even a teenager will be asked to do it. Takumi feel a sense of satisfaction because he will be taking Yoshinari, an idol first time.

Her chastity proof was shaped like a starfish with a small hole in the middle. From the hole that is doubting to be entered by one finger, a transparent sticky liquid dripping slowly. As Takumi touched it gently with a finger and pull it away as a clear thread formed like a natto. From his repeated movement of touching and pulling away, there is also a faint sound of water.

“…gulp.”
Takumi instinctively swallowed his saliva as he looked at Yoshinari’s lower mouth that is shined from the love juice. It is also twitching and trembling as if luring Takumi. Unable to hold back from the provocation, Takumi takes out his member and put it inside Yoshinari’s mouth. Her wet mouth accepted it without any resistance as a dull pleasure can be felt from Takumi’s waist. Takumi doesn’t even have to worry that Yoshinari’s mouth will be hurt.

At that moment, Takumi was looking at her from the top and the gesture she is making is exactly the same as her soft drink commercial. It can be said her signature pose which raised her to stardom. Of course if it was her normal expression, he will give her a flattery but as expressionless zombie, it only stirred up Takumi’s animal instinct.

“Yoshinari, slowly tighten your lips and lick mine carefully using your tongue.”
Hearing the commands, Yoshinari followed it obediently. Her cheek pursed tightly as it was sucking on him. Her tongue didn’t stop licking him at that instance.

“Yes, lick and suck.”
There is a sound of licking and sucking as her cheeks deepened. When Takumi try to pull it out by moving his waist backwards, the more suction force can be felt. Her tongue is also moving wildly unwilling to let it go. Without mercy, Takumi grabbed her head and move his waist faster. Due to that, there is a small white foamy saliva formed on Yoshinari’s lower lip. It was fortunate that she was a zombie because a normal person won’t be able to breathe and it will be painful. The continues service from Yoshinari almost bring Takumi to thee nd.

“…Huff…Huff… let’s stop it now since it was a waste to let it out in the mouth.”
Takumi asked Yoshinari to stop and spread her feet to the left and right and pushed her down. It was trembling and twitching, the small hole with chastity proof however it didn’t stop secreting love juice. He didn’t even need to tease her by moving up and down and aimed straight to the narrow hole. He pushed his hip little by little.

The chastity layer become soft and completely covered in love juice, prepared to accept Takumi large thing. With a tearing sound, Takumi entered her slowly and smoothly. It has her first time and it was very tight, it also tightens at irregular interval which makes Takumi leaked some of his own white liquid. Slowly, he started to move.

“It’s really tight…”
Takumi has enjoyed many virgins but there is no one that is as tight as Yoshinari. The pain he feels even exceed when he devoured the elementary school students. The pleasure however worth the pain. Her lower mouth as if it was alive, wrapped him gently and as if it was continuously sucking him in, it twitched. It was different from the other zombie because this one is as if it is enjoying the pleasure. Of course her expression is still flat.

After she loosened up, he moved to the doggy style position. It was as if their parts have merged and it was wrapping Takumi perfectly.

“Oh…Oh…”
Yoshinari is letting out a soft moan as she opened her mouth. However, her face still showing no expression so Takumi don’t know the meaning of the moan. Her tongue also sticks out from her mouth. Takumi used his left index finger and middle finger and put it inside her mouth and on reflex, she licks on it as if it was a candy. Takumi’s right hand is grabbing her chest from behind as he hugged her while doing doggy style. His body is pressed hard on her and his right hand is grabbing on her chest strongly. He can feel something hard on his palm and it makes him move his hips faster.

Each time he goes in and out, a white foamy liquid is dripping from Yoshinari’s small hole and dripping into the bad.
“Tsu…Pop…Tsu…Pop.”
The sound of sticky love juice and flesh hitting on each other resounded in the room.

Takumi pull out his left hand from her mouth and grabbed her waist using both hands. After that he moved faster and a strong stimulation surges in as pleasures come forth. Considering she was a virgin at first, it may be cruel but at this moment she is a zombie that didn’t show any reaction. Her well featured face is still silent. Only a faint moan can be heard from her open mouth, and her tongue sticking out while dripping some saliva giving a unique charm.

“Uuh… Yoshinari… I’m coming!”

When Yoshinari heard Takumi’s word, her lower part is tightened strongly, more than Takumi could ever imagine. It was undulating as if it is sucking him strongly.

“…Uh… Amazing…!”

Takumi couldn’t hold it back any longer as he let it all out inside her. Her waist is trembling as a large amount of liquid is released inside of her. Her lower parts tighten as if it doesn’t want to miss even a drop of it. Looking at that scene, Takumi take a big breath and feel a deep sense of satisfaction.

“Let’s stop here for today.”
It was also almost time for Anba to show up and check on him. Before that he need to clean up the room and take another bath. He need to clean up the mess that he just made.

………………….

Kuroda Sakura is being escorted by several JSDF personnel and going to be taken to the basement of the Pharmaceutical Research Institute where Nakagawa Sarah is located. The JSDF personnel is very kind and guarded her closely because she is the only survivor that they found from the town.

Sakura was afraid that they will notice that she is different from normal human but he keeps that suspicion on her heart. When she met with Nakagawa Sarah at the basement, something blown her mind away.

“Nice to meet you, my name is Nakagawa Sarah. To finally find a survivor form outside, I hope you can give us valuable information. By all means, we hope for your cooperation.”

(She’s the same…!)
Sakura instinctively realized it. It was close to a zombie, not a human anymore. She also realized that it wasn’t defunct intelligence zombies that is wandering on the street. She is the same as her.

Sarah also used the excuse of cooperation to talk more to her. She also felt it from the first glance that Sakura is the same as her. This way, the two people meet. However, there’s no telling whether they are able to encounter with Takumi in the future.

                    
