\\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	In that moment, he was his father’s son once again.

	“You want to see?”

	Pain was coming, Perry knew. Truckloads of it. A clearance sale on agony. “You got to learn not to talk to me that way. Tell you what, I’ll show

	you how I cook your dinner.” Perry hopped up onto the counter.

	He sat with his ass on the countertop, legs dangling over the edge, right ass cheek almost touching the edge of the electric stove, back resting against the cupboards that held his mismatched plates. He watched the burner slowly change from black to a soft, glowing orange. An orphaned, dried-out grain of rice sat

	let us see

	on the burner. Perry watched closely. The grain was at first white, then slowly turned black.

	It began to burn, sending a thin

	let us see now

	tendril of smoke toward the ceiling. The little stream thickened as the metal continued to heat, smoke rising in a tiny column then dissipating into

	let us see, we’re warning you

	nothingness. It was so black against the hot metal. There was the briefest flicker of an orange flame, and then nothing. The smoke quickly petered out, leaving a small black husk on the glowing burner.

	warning y ou warningyou see See SEE

	“You want to see?” Perry rolled onto his left cheek and hooked his right thumb under his waistband. They’d “warned” him. Nobody “warns” a Dawsey of anything. It was Perry’s house, after all, and anyone under his roof was damn well going to live by his rules.

	y es w e want to see

	now Now NOW, and

	we’re not going to tell you again

	Perry slid over so his right cheek hovered directly above the burner. He instantly felt the rising, searing heat. He pulled his pants down, exposing the right cheek to the burner only inches away. Blistering heat cascaded over his naked skin.

	“Do you see now, fuckers?” He felt the overflow excitement again, coursing through his body, intense and stronger than ever. what is it? is it dinner? ar e w e going to eat?

	what is it?

	“You don’t know what it is?” Perry heard the malice in his own voice, the hatred and the anger that had once again taken over his body and thrown reason and common sense out some mental twentieth-story window to splatter on the concrete sidewalk below. He heard his father’s voice within his own.

	“Well, if you don’t know what it is, maybe you’d better take a closer look!”

	Perry slammed his right cheek down on the burner and immediately heard the answering sizzle. The scorching pain stabbed into his body, but it was his pain, and he welcomed it with the wide-eyed smile of a madman. His nervous system railed against the searing heat as his flesh bubbled and blistered and blackened.

	NO NO NO NO NO

	NO NO NO

	The stench of his own burning flesh filled the room. The unbearable agony ripped through his every fiber. Later on he’d congratulate himself on his incredible willpower — he managed to keep his ass pressed firmly against the burner for almost four seconds, fighting against his body’s primal directive to get away from the pain —

	NO NO NO NO NO NO NO

	The mindscream hammered into his head and broke his superhuman concentration. Perry leaped off the stove and landed on his bad leg, which promptly gave way. He fell in a heap on the bloodstained linoleum floor.

	NO NO NO NO NONO NO

	He didn’t have time to regret his actions; he didn’t even have time to tell himself how stupid it was. He felt the scorching pain on his ass and the strong smell of cooked human flesh (and was there another smell in there?) and the jackhammer screaming that ripped into his mind and stirred his brains like a swizzle stick.

	NO NO NO NO NO

	NO NO NO

	Despite the pain that had him whimpering like a little girl, despite tears streaming down his face to mix with the dried blood on the linoleum floor, despite feeling every injury flare back to agonizing life, he knew he’d killed another one. He held that satisfaction tight to his soul as he passed out.

	THE ARCHES

	Margaret, Amos and Clarence Otto stared at the photomural. Clarence had had the painting blown up to three times the original size, so that Nguyen’s nightmarish vision took up an entire wall.

	They’d all caught a few hours of sleep from around 2:00 A.M. to 5:00 A.M., then it was back to work. After two hours of staring at the mural, staring and thinking, Margaret still felt groggy despite five cups of nasty hospital coffee. Amos, as usual, looked none the worse for wear. Neither did Otto. Margaret hated them both.

	Amos stood right in front of the photomural, his nose just inches from the wall. “How did Nguyen know these people?” he asked.

	Margaret stared and thought hard about the question. “I don’t think he knew these people at all,” she finally said.

	Amos looked at her and crossed his arms. “What, you’re saying that the kid was a psychic or something?”

	Margaret shook her head slowly, but kept her eyes fixed on the painting photo. “No, I don’t think so. Not psychic, but something like psychic. Something beyond the science we know.”

	Where she could identify and match, she had taped the life-size pictures of the infestation victims’ faces next to their life-size spot on the painting.

	Blaine Tanarive.

	Charlotte Wilson.

	Gary Leeland.

	Judy Washington.

	Martin Brewbaker.

	Kiet Nguyen.

	There was an indefinable horror in seeing the real faces taped next to Nguyen’s ghastly, painted renditions. Horror, yes, but that horror paled in comparison to the math.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	Those six faces, she knew.

	There were eleven other faces that she did not.

	So there were more. At least eleven more. And who knew how many

	beyond that? The thing made of those bodies seemed to expand far beyond the frame. How many other faces would be on the rest of the . . . the . . . what was it? An arch? No, there were multiple arches.

	The construct.

	Why was she focusing on that? Why did she feel the need to name it? Was it significant?

	Margaret slowly walked backward, taking in the painting. Her eyes traced the arch, trying to imagine where the other end of it would logically fall.

	The construct would be huge. The two arches alone would be at least twenty-feet high.

	Arches. Made out of human parts.

	“Clarence,” Margaret said quietly, “get me Dew on the phone. Now.”

	INTERNET

	Perry woke all at once, sitting straight up with eyes wide open. His sleeping mind had been searching his thoughts, not unlike the way the Triangles searched his gray-matter database, looking for an answer to the problem at hand. While sleeping, his brain had found a keyword to clutch, a distant beacon of hope in a dark flatland of despair.

	That word was Internet.

	How stupid he’d been to call on the phone, rummaging through the Yellow Pages trying to find Triangle this or Triangle that. How could the Soldiers make themselves known in the Ann Arbor Yellow Pages? America was a big fucking place. And who was to say that this Triangle infection epidemic was limited to the United States? It was probably global. And if you wanted to communicate with people all over the world, you needed a global medium. Not television, not radio, not phones, not newspapers — if you wanted to keep something quiet but let people know you were out there, there was only one answer, the only true global medium: the Internet.

	He moved to rub the sleep from his eyes and suddenly had to bite back a scream as he rolled onto his scorched ass. He couldn’t see the window in the living room, but the brightness of the apartment told him he hadn’t been asleep long. If he ever got out of this alive, he’d buy himself a brand-new bed. Something he couldn’t afford. Something so comfortable he’d never want to get out of it again. Something that was better than sleeping on linoleum floors.

	The Four Horsemen were still out; he could feel them sleeping. Except . . . they weren’t the Four Horsemen anymore, were they? Perry managed a malicious smile even though every inch of his body seemed to voice complaint. They weren’t four anymore, he was sure of it. They were three. What would he call them? As if there could have ever been any doubt.

	The Three Stooges were all that remained. That made the score Perry Dawsey 4, Fucking Triangles 3. Perry wouldn’t quit until he got the shutout.

	He fumbled his way to his feet (correction, “foot”) and hobbled to his Macintosh. Less than sixty seconds after he awoke, the Mac chimed its startup tone and began the boot process. Startup programs came to life, including his email and instant-message clients.

	Why hadn’t he thought of it before? He was on the Internet every damned day, for crying out loud. That’s where the answer lay, that’s what it was all about. He started up Firefox and went right to Google. He didn’t think it mattered what search engine he used; the government would make sure that the Triangles’ home page was easily found by those who knew what to look for.

	His email client finished loading and immediately chirped at him. Sixty-four emails. He chanced a quick peek at the in-box.

	FROM: SUBJECT:

	Bill Miller Where the hell are you? Bill Miller Dude, get back to me! It’s not

	about the Cincinnati bowtie. Branston Gumong Hey dude top brands available

	Peter Hurt

	Pussy GalOR-e Bill Miller

	Mister T. Minga for u

	All top medications at top price Hot wet teen snatch, just 4 U! If I was that kid, I would breast-feed until I was 17 or 18 You are huge cock for your woman?

	Ithaca Tang Shen Director of the Contracts Award and Review Department

	A friend Nigeria fortune waiting to be made

	Bill Miller Dine at just one American pink taco stand!

	Bill Miller A pond would be good for you (these are good movie lines, dammit, Stop ignoring me)

	“Jesus, Billy, get a life.”

	It went on and on. A quick count showed sixteen messages from Bill. Sure, Perry hadn’t been to work, but wasn’t that a little...stalkerish? Why was Bill trying so hard?

	He’s trying to contact you because he’s your friend, dumb-ass . But what if there was more to this? What if Bill was...was supposed to be keeping an eye on him?

	You’re getting crazy paranoid, Perry old boy, knock that shit off and focus.

	He had to concentrate on the web search. That’s where the answer lay — it had to.

	He typed in “Triangles.”

	He would have never thought there would be so much stuff. The entries were numerous: tons of Wikipedia shit, math up the ass, sites focusing on the “Triangle Area” in North Carolina, and of course several on the Bermuda Triangle. Perry breezed through them, giving them little more than a cursory once-over.

	He typed in “triangles” and “infected.”

	Finally he found it. Fifteen pages into the search. To a normal person, it wouldn’t have looked like anything out of the ordinary. But to Perry, the letters on the screen glowed with hope.

	Triangles - You are not alone

	We are here to help you. This page has all the information on dealing with your condition and making you better.

	www.tomorrowresearch.com - 5k - Cached - Similar pages

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	Not alone.

	Not alone!

	His hands shook with excitement; he finally knew — really knew—

	that someone could help him. People knew about the parasites slinking their tails through his body.

	He clicked on the entry. Perry stared with wide eyes, his pulse hammering both in his head and his wounded shoulder, his breath pinched tight in his chest.

	Big letters at the top of the page read “You are not alone.” The layout was stark and simple, not enough graphics to interest the casual browser should he stumble onto it. To Perry, however, the page was a godsend. Right under “You are not alone” was a Triangle — it was the image embedded in his own skin, a stylistic rendering of the horror that sent tendrils throughout his body, and yet it was something he’d seen all his life. It was the pyramid from the back of a one-dollar bill, its eye glowing green at the top. This pyramid, however, showed three glowing eyes at the top, not just one.

	Perry choked back tears — only someone who’d seen the blue critters under the skin would realize, could realize, the meaning of that threeeyed pyramid.

	Underneath the Triangle was a short message. The words called to his desperate soul as if they were the writings of God.

	YOU ARE NOT ALONE

	If you have found this page, then you know what we’re all about. We’re here to help you. We know what’s happening to you, and we can save you, but you have to act quickly. Your condition gets worse by the second. Click here to fill out the form with your address, and we will send doctors to you immediately. Be patient, be calm, we’re here to help you. Do not panic, as it will only make things worse. Do not tell anyone else about your condition, not even your doctors — there are people out there that want to harm you. Stay where you are, fill out the form, and wait. Everything will be fine. Do not tell anyone about the Triangles. If you think you can’t wait, dial 206-222-2898.

	Perry almost wanted to get up and dance around the room. He’d found the way out. He’d hit the “eject” button before the damaged fighter crashed into a mountain. He’d gotten the call from the governor just before they’d thrown the switch. He’d rushed out of the burning building — beautiful costar over his shoulder — just before the gas mains caught and the credits rolled over a mushroom cloud of fire and death.

	All he had to do was wait. He wrote down the number; he’d call as soon as he finished with the computer.

	The form asked for his name, then his street address. He flew through it, backing up only to fill in a few typos made as his hasty fingers danced frantically across the keyboard.

	It asked for his phone number; he typed it in.

	He stopped for a brief second at the next question, wanting to finish and click “send,” but the oddity of the query gave him pause.

	Who have you told about your condition? List their full names and addresses, please.

	Now why the fuck would they want to know that? Who cared? It didn’t matter — he hadn’t told anyone. He typed in “none.”

	Describe your current condition. Be as detailed as possible on what THEY look like.

	He didn’t have time for this shit. He needed help now. He clicked “send,” completing the form. It didn’t matter — they had enough information and he couldn’t put it off anymore. They’d be here soon. All he had to do was wait. Wait for the cavalry.

	His computer beeped. An instant-message window appeared. From StickyFingazWhitey.

	Bill Miller’s handle.

	StickyFingazWhitey: Good god, man! You’re finally online!!!!!

	R U OK?

	Perry stared at the screen. He was suddenly petrified, afraid to move. First the emails, then the call, and now this.

	StickyFingazWhitey: I know you’re there, fat boy. Talk to a brotha.

	Bill was one of them. One of them. He’d IM’ed as soon as Perry had sent in the form. That wasn’t coincidence.

	Of course it is. You’ve been offline for days. He IM’ed you almost as soon as you came back on, that’s all.

	It couldn’t be Bill; he’d known Bill for years. But if someone wanted to experiment on Perry, to watch Perry, who better to do that than his best friend? All they had to do was “turn” Bill. That was the term, turn, what they do to make double agents.

	StickyFingazWhitey: Stop jerkin’ der Gherkin’ and answer me. Seriously. Getting pissed. Don’t make me smack you around, bitch.

	IMs weren’t enough for Bill. Perry’s VOIP connection started to ring — Bill was trying to initiate an Internet phone call over the computer. The computer’s digital ringing sounded far too loud in the quiet apartment.

	what is that sound what

	Perry jumped with surprise; the Triangles had been so utterly quiet he’d forgotten about them. He sucked in three shallow breaths, clenched and unclenched his fists. Did they know he’d just contacted the Soldiers? If they did . . . they would mindscream him any second now. Were they searching his brain?

	ne w noises.

	what ar e the ne w noises

	w e ar e hearing

	Perry grabbed the Mac with both hands and threw it against the wall as hard as he could. Plastic and glass smashed, with a bright flash of electricity. The pieces fell to the floor, leaving a scored burn mark on the wall, a fuzzy black snake marking the computer’s sudden death.

	what ’ s going ON

	tell US

	“Nothing! Nothing is going on. I don’t hear anything.” He had to play it cool, relaxed, chillsville. He couldn’t let on that the Triangles’ hours were numbered. He had to keep them in the dark. It was only a matter of time before this game was over, and if Perry wanted to win, he had to play it cool. Just like Fonzie, honeybunny . . . play it cool.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	ne w noises, what ar e the ne w noises we ar e hearing “Noises? I didn’t hear anything. I’m sure it’s nothing to worry about.” no one is her e no columbos

	anyone

	“Nope, just relax, man, just chill.” Perry felt the Triangles’ oddly black emotions flowing through him. He tried to nail down the vibe; anxiety, perhaps. His own emotions — excitement, hope, fear, rage — stirred them up like a bunch of hyperactive kids dropped in the midst of the Hershey’s chocolate factory.

	is so mething wrongwho is there who

	Perry took a very deep breath and let it out slowly, telling himself over and over again to relax. He repeated the process ten times, feeling calm spread over his body. Discipline, as Dear Old Dad would say. Without discipline you’re no better than some two-bit cooze, crying over this and crying over that.

	Perry knew he had to calm down, to chill out the Three Stooges. “It’s okay, fellas.” Perry’s voice exuded control. “There’s no one here. Just relax. We’re all going to go to sleep now, just chill.”

	Perry closed his eyes. Relaxation swept over him like a warm wind. This was not the time for weakness — if he’d ever had a moment of selfcontrol in his life, now was the time to exercise it. You gotta have discipline, boy. Without discipline, people are going to walk all over you, and nobody but nobody walks all over a Dawsey.

	He laid his head on the back of the couch. This was a game, that’s all, just like football, although this time the stakes were a bit higher than a Big Ten title. It was a game, and he was winning. A smile touched his face, only for a second, as sleep came and he drifted away.

	MARGARET TALKS TO DEW

	Agent Otto handed Margaret his cell phone. The weight surprised her — the cell phone was larger than any she’d seen in years.

	“Hello, Dew,” she said.

	“I assume you’re calling because you have information for me, Doc,” he said. “I’m trying to run an op here.” Even through the cell phone, she could hear his annoyance. She didn’t have time for his attitude.

	“We need satellite coverage,” Margaret said. “Can you get that?”

	“Why do we need it?”

	“You know what, Phillips? Answer the fucking question, okay? Can you or can you not get satellite coverage?”

	There was a pause. “You might want to talk to me with a little more respect there, Doc.”

	“Screw your respect. Answer the damn question or I hang up and go right to Murray. Can you, or can you not, get dedicated satellite coverage for the Ann Arbor area?”

	“This isn’t the movies, Doc,” Dew said. “We can’t just dial in an address and see a full-color picture of Mister and Misses Jones doing it doggy-style. It will take some time, but we can get the coverage. Now, if you’re done with the potty mouth, you want to tell me why?”

	Margaret held the phone with her right hand. With her left she rubbed her knuckles against her hair, so hard it hurt. None of this made any sense, none of this was science, but she knew what had to be done — she couldn’t explain why, yet it had to be done anyway.

	“The paintings of Nguyen,” she said. “They had all the known victims, then eleven other people.”

	“So?”

	“So there are victims we haven’t found yet.”

	“You know we’re working on that,” Dew said. “We have scans of the faces, all-points out on them, over the whole state and into Ohio and Indiana. We’re trying to track them down. Why is a satellite going to help with that?”

	Margaret winced as her knuckles dug too deep. She forced herself to put her hand at her side.

	“They’re building something,” Margaret said. “I think the victims are supposed to build something, something big.”

	“What? What are they supposed to build?”

	“Something in the woods, maybe. I think there are trees involved. Deep woods, even.”

	“So then what shall I tell the satellite to look for?”

	Margaret sighed. “I don’t know. Something with arches. Maybe twenty feet high.”

	“And how long is this thing?”

	“Dew, I just don’t know.”

	“Margaret,” Dew said. He spoke slowly, as if explaining something to a child. “Changing a satellite’s tracking is a big deal. We have to drop scheduled coverage from an area to redirect. Plus, we have to get squints assigned to look at the pictures, try and find what you’re looking for — and since you don’t really know what it is you’re looking for, and we’re covering a huge area, it’s a practically impossible job. Now, with all that in mind, is this just a hunch of yours, or do you have something real for me?”

	Margaret thought about it. She had nothing solid, nothing to go on other than the painting of an insane, murdering artist.

	“It’s a hunch,” she said. “But I feel it, Dew.”

	Even through the rough connection, she heard Dew’s heavy sigh. “Fine, fuck it. What have we got to lose? So this will take four or five hours. I’m telling them to look for something unusual, with arches, twenty feet high, length unknown. Yeah?”

	“Yeah,” Margaret said. “Yeah, that’s right.”

	“It will be done. And if you change your mind and want the satellite to look for unicorns or Santa’s sleigh, just let me know.” With that, Dew hung up.

	SPAM?


    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        

	Murray Longworth’s desk intercom buzzed softly. He pressed the “talk” button.

	“What is it, Victor?”

	“Sir, I thought you’d want to know that something came in over the web.”

	Murray felt his pulse quicken. “When?”

	“Less than an hour ago, sir.”

	“Where is the client?”

	“Ann Arbor, Michigan, sir.”

	“Bring me the info immediately.”

	Victor entered the office with a sealed folder. The computer boys were under strict orders to print any web info that came through, then delete all traces of the data from the system. Murray didn’t like using the Internet, but he agreed with Montoya that it was one way to possibly reach victims without raising the press’s attention. Apparently the hunch had paid off.

	Victor left the room, and Murray broke the seal.

	Ann Arbor, Michigan. Perry Dawsey. Dew was already there, had already had a run-in with one of the infected freaks, as had Otto and Margaret. It was a slam-dunk home run. Margaret’s work had put Dew close. Dawsey listed no contacts — that was good. That made things easier. Apartment complex — that wasn’t good. No description of Dawsey’s condition.

	Dew was already there. So was Margaret, and she had an analysis facility ready and waiting. Finally, it was the break that Murray needed.

	THE TRUTH The voice tickled his thoughts, teased his muddled mind.

	Wh e r e a r e they?

	It was the voice of the Triangles: mechanical, and yet still alive.

	Are yo u there? Anoth e r i s missing.

	The voice of the Triangles, and yet it was different. Somehow almost . . . feminine. Not a woman’s voice, but a woman’s concern, a woman’s depth of feeling.

	Why don’t they answer?

	Wh e r e are they?.

	His eyes fluttered sleepily. The voice was something important, something he knew he needed to think about. The pain hung on his body like a weighted suit. Every inch seemed to throb and pulse in a muted symphony of complaint.

	They won’t make it,they won’t make it, he i s too strong.

	Perry blinked again, clawing his way to consciousness. Triangles, but not his. Were these the ones his own infectors had mentioned when they said that strange phrase: we do that without telephones talk to Triangles.

	He felt the Three Stooges stirring. The female voice faded away. Perry wasn’t ready to get up. He lay on the couch, weight on his left side, wondering if he should just spend the rest of his life there, on his good side, not bothering to get up and suffer any more pain or wonder what fabulous secret the Stooges might deal out next.

	His ass still burned; it felt as if he were still sitting on the stove. A truly nasty smell filled the air. So this is what burning human flesh smells like? Wonderful. There was another smell, something more pungent, more . . . dead-smelling. But it wafted in and out and couldn’t compete with the all-encompassing smell of Perry’s Home-Cooked Rump Roast.

	Why do y ou figh t us?

	And there they were. No mistaking that voice. Male, arrogant, bossy.

	His own beloved Triangles.

	“Who was that other voice?” Perry asked, ignoring their question.

	“There’s someone else infected, isn’t there? Who is it? Does he live in

	the apartments?”

	We won ’ t tell y ou.

	Why do y ou keep killing us? W e ’ r e the only ones who can sav e yo u now.

	“What the hell are you talking about? Save me? I know I’m as good as

	dead.”

	No , it ’ s the others who want to kill y ou, not us. N ot us , P err y . W e would nev er hur t you. The Triangles weren’t trying to kill him? Bullshit. They were going to

	burrow out his insides and wear him like a coat, or take over his mind

	and dance him around the street like a fucking human Muppet.

	S o meone is coming.Is it Columbo?

	Perry heard nothing. Was their hearing better than his? How strong were they now?

	“You hear someone out in the hall? Is it the neighbor who was here before?”

	N o . F ootsteps are

	lighter, it’s Columbo

	kill Columbo.

	“It’s not Columbo!”

	Perry painfully picked himself up off the couch, using the table to help him stand. Every movement brought fresh waves of pain. “Why the hell do the police scare you so bad?”

	B ecause the y ar e co m ing

	to get us.

	M en ar e looking for us, to kill us . Why don ’ t y ou understand?

	“Take it easy. Don’t get excited and start screaming in my head again, okay?” Perry breathed slowly. He tried to project his calmness, hoping that if the Triangles could overflow emotion into him, he could do the same in reverse. “Why do you think they’re coming to get you now?”

	D on ’ t y ou get it? If the y kill y ou, the y kill us.

	It hit him like a bullet between the eyes.

	Perry’s analytical process stopped dead-still as the truth suddenly rocked home. The truth that had been there from the start, and all he’d had to do was ask.

	The Soldiers weren’t coming to save him.

	They were coming to kill him.

	To keep the Triangle larvae from hatching. It made perfect sense, although part of his mind still fought against it. If the Soldiers wanted to kill him, then there was truly no way out, no escape, no chance.

	He talked in barely a whisper. “Do you mean . . . do you mean that the Soldiers are coming to kill me?”

	Yes y es stupid!

	Yes coming to kill YOU!

	He was fucked. He was completely and utterly fucked. The Triangles

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	were killing him from the inside. Soldiers wanted to gun him down and stop the Triangles from becoming whatever it was they became. He had no idea who the Soldiers were, where they were, what they looked like. They could be anybody. Anybody. And he’d sent an invitation through the Internet, painted a fucking bull’s-eye on his own forehead.

	His father’s voice filtered into his head, a once-faint memory now strong and vital. It’s you against the world, boy, you just remember that. The world is a harsh place, where only the strong survive. If you ain’t strong, people will use you up and throw you away. You’ve gotta show the world who’s boss, boy, show them with strength. That’s why I’m so tough on you—that and because you’re one stupid cornholing bastard and you piss me off every chance you get. Someday boy, you’ll thank me. Someday you’ll understand.

	For the first time in his life, Perry did understand. He’d spent a decade trying to escape his father’s legacy of violence and abuse and anger, but now he knew that was a mistake.

	“You were right, Daddy,” Perry whispered. “You was always right.” Fuck them all. He was a Dawsey, goddamn it, and he’d sure as hell start acting like one.

	Columbo is here.

	As the last of his sanity slipped away, Perry heard a knock at his door. His eyes narrowed to predatory slits.

	His father’s voice: You gonna let ’em push you around like that, boy? “No sir, Daddy,” Perry whispered. “I sure as hell ain’t.”

	56.

	COMPANY

	Bill Miller knocked on Perry’s door again.

	Enough was enough. Perry was home. Period. He’d logged on to his instant messenger not more than thirty minutes earlier, and signed off as soon as Bill sent him a message. Bill had immediately hopped into his car, and now he was here, outside Perry’s door.

	Perry could have signed on from anywhere in the world, of course, but his Ford was still under the carport awning, a foot of clean snow behind it — it hadn’t moved for at least a couple of days.

	Bill knocked again. Nothing.

	Was Perry sick? Had he lost his temper, done something really bad, something he couldn’t face? The guy was so sensitive about his violent streak, even a loud argument might fill him so full of guilt he couldn’t face the day. Sick, guilty, whatever, Bill had to get to the bottom of this — his friend needed help, and that was that.

	He gave it one more triple-knock.

	“Perry, buddy, it’s Bill.”

	No answer.

	“Perry, everyone’s worried sick. You don’t have to answer, but if you’re there let me know you’re okay.”

	No answer. He fished in the pocket of his leather coat for a piece of paper to leave a note. The hair on the back of his neck suddenly stood on end, caused by the peculiarly strong feeling that he was being watched. He looked up at the peephole, hand frozen in his pocket.

	He heard the door’s chain lock slowly scrape aside, followed by the click of a deadbolt sliding back into its housing.

	The door opened slowly. Perry’s hulking form came into view. Bill heard himself breathe in sharply, a comical sound of surprise. Perry looked like a Bruce Willis stand-in from one of the Die Hard movies. His long-sleeved white T-shirt was spotted with blood, blood that looked black where it had dried in patches spreading down from the left shoulder. He stood on one leg, holding the door for balance; the other leg hung loosely beneath him, not touching the floor, like a hunting dog on

	point. The hanging leg had another T-shirt wrapped around its calf. Bill had no idea of that one’s original color — it was now a deep, crusty burgundy, like clothes that had been dropped in the mud, taken off at the back door, and left to dry in the sun. Perry had a bruised bump on his head the size of a golf ball. An old scruff of bright red beard glowed electrically against his pale white skin.

	No, not like Bruce Willis . . . like Arnold Schwarzenegger. Perry’s muscles rippled with every movement, especially on his neck, which looked like steel cables wrapped tightly with veins, then with skin. Perry hadn’t looked this defined, this big — this threatening— in years, not since they’d been sophomores in college. Bill realized, suddenly, that by hanging out with him every day, he’d lost touch with the fact that Perry Dawsey was a giant of a man.

	Despite the haggard appearance, Perry’s eyes were his most attentiondemanding feature. Not because of the fact that the skin around them was black-and-blue, either from a shot to the face or some serious lack of sleep, but from the look in the eyes. The spaced-out psycho look, like when Jack Nicholson axed his way through the door in The Shining.

	Bill had always been the type to trust his instincts. At this moment his instincts yanked at him to leave, to get the fuck out of there right now, fight-or-flight response kicking in with a 100 percent majority vote for flight. But Perry was obviously in trouble — something was very, very wrong.

	Postal was the word that flashed through Bill’s brain. Perry has gone postal.

	They both stood for a few seconds without speaking.

	Bill broke the interlude. “Perry, are you okay?”

	There was no fucking question. As soon as Perry opened the door and saw Bill standing there in his black leather jacket with his neatly trimmed hair and immaculate appearance, Perry knew for certain that he was one of the Soldiers. Bill had been watching him all along. He might even be the one who put the Triangle seeds on him — who can tell with these crazy government fucks? When had they recruited Bill? After college? During college? How far back did this conspiracy go? Maybe that’s why Bill had volunteered as a roommate so long ago. That made sense. That was logical.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	Bill had come to check on the experiment. He’d probably freaked when Perry stopped going to work. When Perry filled out the online form, they sent Bill to look in on him. Why else would he be here right now? Bill was a fucking narc, waiting to sell Perry out to the Soldiers. Well, the backstabbing, traitorous snitch wasn’t going to be telling his government butt buddies anything.

	Not now.

	Not later.

	Not ever.

	“I’m fine,” Perry said. “Come on in.”

	He took a small hop back into the apartment, making room for Bill to enter. Strange odors filtered out the open door. Bill’s instincts clamored louder, swelling in volume and intensity, beseeching him to turn tail and run, baby, run.

	“Well . . . uh, I have to be getting back to work, no bout-a-doubt-it,” Bill said. “I just came out to see if you were okay, buddy. You don’t look so good — are you sure you feel all right?”

	Did Perry have any idea how bad he looked? Was he on drugs, maybe strung out on heroin or something? Bill couldn’t stop looking at his eyes, the way they burned with intensity and simmering emotions. Bill had seen that look many times during the past ten years — it was the look that came over Perry’s face just before he punched someone, the look just before the snap of the ball. That look was predatory, and it meant serious trouble.

	But in those ten years, that look had never been fixed on Bill — until now.

	Time to go.

	Bill looked scared . He obviously hadn’t counted on Perry figuring out The Plan. Nobody thought Good Ol’ Perry was smart enough to figure out The Plan. They’d underestimated him. Bill had underestimated him. And now that Bill knew the depth of his soon-to-be-fatal mistake, there was nothing he could do. Nothing except run.

	But Scary Perry Dawsey was way ahead of the game.

	Bill concentrated on speaking in a calm, neutral voice. “Perry, you’re freaking me out, and you look like you’re about to get violent.”

	He slowly backed away from the door. “I’m going to leave now. You’re going to go into your apartment and calm down. You relax and I’ll be back in a bit.”

	“Wait!” Perry’s word was a plea, pregnant with need, although he kept his voice almost as low and calm as Bill’s placating tone. “You gotta help me...I...” Perry swayed a little bit, his one good leg sagging under him. “I . . . just can’t . . .”

	Perry collapsed, falling into the hall like a sack of rotten meat and bones.

	Bill instinctively reached out to help his friend. Perry knew that he would. People just couldn’t help such things. Especially the Government People, because the government is here to help you, right? But for Bill, it was too late. Too late to react, too —

	— late Bill realized the trick. He tried to jump back, even before he saw the knife, but he was too close. He tried to jump back, to get —

	— away, but Perry wasn’t going to let that happen. As soon as Perry hit the floor, the rush of adrenaline blocked out all feelings of pain from his abused body. He rolled over his left shoulder and swung wide with the six-inch steak knife clutched unforgivingly in his right hand. The blade struck Bill’s right inside thigh, sliding noiselessly through jeans, through skin, through quadriceps. It finally thudded to a stop at the femur, the tip embedding in the bone and snapping free. Perry watched Bill’s eyes go —

	— wide with shock, fear and pain. Bill stared down at the knife, at the blade sunk deep into his thigh. The blood didn’t come until Perry wrenched the blade back for a second strike. Blood squirted out in a deep red stream, splattering on the hallway’s off-white walls and landing on the burnt-orange acrylic carpet that had been ugly even when it was new.

	Perry rolled up to his knees, head tilted forward, eyes flashing, lips curled in a demonic grin of anger and predation. He thrust the blade upward with the power of a knockout uppercut.

	Bill tried to jump clear, but his wounded leg wouldn’t hold his weight. He fell weakly backward, the knife’s upward arc whizzing

	through the air, its jagged tip just barely missing his face. He landed on his back, blood still gushing from his leg.

	Perry lurched forward, snarling, spittle flying from his sneering lips. He was a monster, a growling, six-foot-five vision from hell. He brought the blade down in an overhand thrust. Bill reactively brought his hands up, palms out, to protect himself from the slashing knife. Perry’s strength drove the ragged, broken knife point clear through Bill’s upturned right palm. Jagged metal tore through cartilage, tendons and scraped across metacarpals until the knife’s wooden handle slammed into the palm, leaving five inches of the bloody blade jutting forth from the back of Bill’s hand.

	Bill’s eyes reactively closed as hot blood splattered on his face. He never saw Perry’s left hand ball up into a gnarled fist. The fist blasted into Bill’s nose with a muffled crunch. A second blow hammered home, spraying fine droplets of blood onto his face and hair.

	Bill’s traitorous body fell limp.

	Perry hopped off him immediately, grabbed his wrist and hopdragged him into the apartment. Bill weighed maybe a buck-fifty; dragging him was effortless, even with a bum leg. Perry shut and locked the door.

	H e ’ s not dead kill him

	killhimkillhim

	“We’re not going to kill him until I get some answers,” Perry said, his breath ragged from excitement and exertion. Blood, steady and red, pulsed from the cut in Bill’s thigh, giving his jeans a rapidly spreading dark purple patch.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	killhimkillhimkillhim

	“Shut up! I’m not going to kill him. We’re doing this my way.” Bill had to have some answers, and Perry was going to hear every last one of them.

	The pure, narcotic effect of sheer hatred surprised him. Bill was the enemy. Perry wanted to kill the enemy. Bill was one of the Soldiers, sent to experiment, then observe, then exterminate. Yes indeedee doodee, exterminate, but that’s not going to happen, Billy Boy.

	Bill let out a moan. He rolled slightly on the floor. He coughed and spit out a large clot of blood. Snarling, Perry jerked him to his feet and

	pushed him backward across the living room. Bill fell heavily into the couch.

	Perry’s voice was a low rumble, a menacing drawl that hadn’t escaped his lips in years. “You want to get up when I hit you, boy? You gotta learn to stay down unless you’re ready for some more punishment.”

	He grabbed Bill’s wounded right hand, which spurted blood in all directions thanks to the knife still embedded in the palm. Perry wrapped his hand around the knife handle and drove it into the wall just above the couch. The jagged tip punched into the plaster, pinning Bill’s hand.

	“You like that, snitch? You like that, spy? Then let’s get you a second helping.”

	Perry hopped into the kitchen and grabbed another knife from the butcher’s block. He didn’t even glance at the Chicken Scissors. Moving almost as fast as if he had two legs, he then hopped into the bedroom and grabbed a wrinkled, dirty sock from the floor.

	Bill’s head lolled from side to side as he struggled for consciousness, blood pouring from his leg, his hand, his nose. “Please,” he murmured, his voice barely a whisper of escaping pain. “Please . . . stop.”

	Perry grabbed Bill’s good hand. “You talkin’ to me, boy? You speak when you’re spoken to. You got to learn better than that!” Perry shoved the sock into Bill’s mouth, forcing the dirty fabric in so far that Bill gagged.

	With a primitive grunt of aggression, Perry slammed Bill’s good hand against the wall, palm out. He reared back with the fresh knife, then drove the blade through Bill’s exposed palm.

	Bill roared in pain, clarity of mind returning in full at a rather unfortunate moment. The dirty sock muffled his cries of agony.

	Bill tried to pull free, which made the blades cut deeper still into his ravaged hands. His body simply didn’t have the strength. He slumped back into the couch, a portrait of defeat — his bleeding hands stretching out on either side of his limply hanging head.

	“Neighbors,” Perry said in a hiss, his eyes darting first to the window and then to the door. “Nosy goddamned neighbors might be in on it.”

	He hopped to the door and stared out the peephole. Even through the distorted view he could see blood on the hallway’s walls and carpeting. Someone would notice it — he didn’t have much time. Time enough, however, to get some answers from the informant nailed to the wall.

	Kill him kill him.

	Kill him!

	Perry stared at Bill. His friend, Bill Miller. His . . . friend. “My God, what have I done? What’s happening to me?”

	H e is Columbo,

	he is the Soldiers.

	“He can’t be.”

	H e ’ s her e, isn ’ t he?

	Why would he be her e

	no w if he wasn ’ t

	Columbo? Killllllllll

	himmmmmmm

	They were right. The emails, the calls, that convenient instant message, showing up at his door. Bill knew what was going on. He knew everything. How callous, how heartless could this bastard be? He had feigned friendship while watching the Triangles grow and fester and swell and chew Perry up from the inside as if he were a fucking goddamned caterpillar. Bill had watched all along.

	But he could only watch at work.

	What about the rest of the time? What about all the time Perry spent at home, in the apartment, particularly in the last few days? How were they watching him then? Bugs? Hidden cameras? Watching his instantmessage and email traffic? Maybe behind a light, maybe inside the TV. Maybe inside the damned TV!

	And if they’d watched him all that time, then they were watching him now.

	They were watching him carve up Billy the Betrayer.

	They wouldn’t just let that happen. They were coming, coming to rescue Billy. Perry took Bill’s head in his hands and stared into glassy eyes. “They’ll be too late, Billy Boy,” Perry said quietly. “You hear me? They’ll be too fucking late to bail your ass out of this one.” Bill screamed, but the sock muffled the noise.

	“You’d best knock that shit off, boy,” Perry said, still staring into Bill’s terrified eyes, eyes that revealed searing pain and pure, raw terror. “Quit your cryin’, boy, or I’ll give you something to cry about.”

	Bill screamed louder, trying to pull back from the bullnecked horror before his eyes.

	Perry snarled as he grabbed Bill’s broken nose and shook it viciously from side to side. Bill’s body shuddered with fresh agony. He thrashed like a man in the electric chair, muscles contorting so violently that one knife-pierced hand pulled free from the plaster.

	The blade still jutted from the back of his hand. Perry grabbed both Bill’s blood-slick wrist and the knife handle, then slammed the blade back into the wall. This time he felt a distinct and sudden resistance as the blade dug deep into a wall stud.

	Old Billy Boy wasn’t going to pull that one free anytime soon, no siree, bub, not anytime soon.

	Bill fought down the pain, his mind freaked beyond the point of clear thought. Somehow he found the inner power to stop screaming, stop struggling, despite this seemingly endless torture from a man whom only minutes before he’d known as his dearest friend.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	Perry leaned in, so close that Bill felt the heat from his breath. Perry held his fingers less than a half inch from Bill’s nose, thumb and forefinger ready to grab again at a moment’s notice, ready to inflict more of that brain-shearing agony.

	“Like I said, boy, stop your crying or I’ll kill you right fucking now.”

	Bill stared up through tears that refused to be blinked away. The friend-turned-psycho leaned over him, perched on one leg. Bill’s fresh blood had smeared all over Perry’s shirt, wetting the brown-black stains.

	The sock filled his mouth with a sickly dry-cotton feel. It tasted much as Bill imagined a dirty old sock should: moldy and suffocating. Warm blood continued to pour from his nose, down his face and onto his chest. Blood from his punctured hands rolled down his arms to collect in wet pools at his armpits, soaking outward in an expanding tacky-hot pit stain.

	How had this happened? He’d come to check on his best friend and now he was crucified to the wall, staring up at the bloody, giant, wildeyed, snarling, psychotic nightmare that was Perry Dawsey in name only.

	“Okay,” Perry said in a whisper. “Now I’m going to take the sock out of your mouth. And when I do, I’m going to ask you some questions. Whether you live or die is up to you — the second you scream, I’m going to pull that knife out of your hand and shove it through your eye and stir your brain like Skippy peanut butter. It’s going to hurt. It’s going

	to hurt a lot. And I don’t give a fuck, but I think you already know that. Do you know I don’t give a fuck, Billy Boy?”

	Bill nodded in agreement. Perry’s voice had grown calm, cold and relaxed, but his eyes hadn’t changed. Bill’s chest felt packed with coppery terror. Fear filled his mind, leaving no room for thoughts of escape. Perry was in charge. Bill would do whatever he said. Whatever it took to stay alive.

	Oh Jesus, don’t let me die here. Please don’t let this happen, oh dear God, please!

	“Good,” Perry said. “That’s good, Bill. I’m sure you’ve been trained well and warned about the consequences of this mission, so I won’t feel a bit of remorse. If your voice rises above conversational levels, you’re not going to be having a whole lot of fun. Do you understand what will happen if your voice rises above conversational levels, Bill?”

	Bill nodded again.

	Perry dropped to the couch, resting a knee on either side of Bill’s thighs. Bill saw him grimace a bit, but then that fleeting expression vanished, the psychotic stare back in place. Suddenly Perry looked away, his eyes losing focus. He seemed to be staring at the wall, or perhaps some point beyond the wall. His head cocked to the right ever so slightly.

	He looks like a dog listening to one of those ultrasonic whistles.

	“Look, I’m telling you he’ll talk,” Perry said. “We don’t need to kill him!”

	Oh Christ oh Jesus oh my Lord he’s completely insane and I’m going to die here, I’m going to die just like that.

	Perry spoke angrily to his unseen companion. “Fuck off! This is my show now. You just shut up and let me think.”

	Bill felt his spirit sag down, weighted with doom. There was no hope.

	Apparently the voice stopped. Perry’s stare returned, a piercing fixation that drilled into Bill’s eyes, which were wide, white and wet. Bill felt weakness slip over him, slowly pulling him into unconsciousness.

	This time he didn’t fight it.

	DEW ON THE MOVE

	Dew pinched the uncomfortable, thick cellular between his shoulder and ear, steered with one hand, and with the other punched an address into the Buick’s dashboard GPS computer.

	“How long since the client sent the form, Murray?”

	“About twenty minutes.”

	“Have we contacted him yet?”

	“There’s no answer at the number he gave us,” Murray said. “We’ve sent a return email, but no response there yet, either.”

	“Send Margaret and her rapid-response teams for me. I have to find this apartment complex. Tell the squads to get to Dawsey’s apartment complex, but do not enter. Tell them to wait for my call. Leave my three teams at Nguyen’s place to make sure the media doesn’t get in until they finish scrubbing the place of any triangle references.” Dew broke the connection and put the cellular away. He almost rearended an old woman driving a Civic. He leaned on the horn, trying to

	get her out of the way. It was Sunday, college on semester break, but there were still college kids crossing the street, slow and calm like they owned the world, like they were immortal. Right about now Dew would be more than happy to put that immortality up against the front bumper of the Buick.

	He swung into the wrong lane and passed the Civic. The GPS said he was fifteen minutes away, but with traffic it would probably take just over twenty to reach Dawsey’s.

	BEST FRIENDS FOREVER (BFF)

	Perry knew he didn’t have much time — either the Soldiers were on their way, or Bill the Betrayer would soon bleed to death. The wet puddle on the couch grew steadily, as if Bill were pissing blood. Perry knew that if he timed it right, he could get the information and the Soldiers could save his friend. Correction. His so-called friend.

	Bill’s eyes glazed over again, and his head sagged forward. “Oh no you don’t, you little informant,” Perry said. He slapped hard with his left hand. Bill’s head shot back so fast his temple bounced off the wall. The slap sounded red, warm and satisfying.

	You don’t know what suffering is, Billy Boy. But I’m going to do my best to give you a little taste of what I’ve gone through.

    \\pagebreak\\\\
        
        


	Bill’s scared-rabbit look returned to his blood-smeared face. How could the Soldiers use some weak-ass like this? It was probably a trick — yes, a trick. Bill was trying to lure him into overconfidence.

	“That shit isn’t going to trick me, Billy Boy, no bout-a-doubt-it.” He was smarter than these fuckers. They didn’t know what they’d started by fucking with a Dawsey, because a Dawsey doesn’t take shit, no sir, no how.

	Perry reached out and pulled the sock from Bill’s mouth. Bill breathed deeply, but other than that didn’t make a sound.

	Perry licked his lips. He tasted blood. He didn’t know if it was his or Bill’s. Eager for the final answer, he leaned in close and asked his vital question.

	“Who the fuck do you work for, and what are the Triangles going to turn into?”

	Perry’s face was only inches from Bill’s. The dark circles around Perry’s eyes made it look as if he hadn’t slept in days. The whites were so bloodshot that they took on a pinkish hue. Bright red stubble stuck out offensively. There were open sores on his lips; it looked like he’d bitten through them not very long ago.

	But that question — triangle?

	“Perry, wha . . . what are you talking about?” Bill knew it was the

	wrong thing to say, but he couldn’t think of another answer. Perry’s eyes swelled with anger, adding to the already psychotic stare.

	“Don’t screw with me, Bill.” His quiet voice carried the threat of death. “You and your little Jedi mind tricks can just fuck off. I’m not buying what you’re selling, junior. Now, I’ll ask you again, what are the Triangles becoming?”

	Bill’s breath came in short, ragged gasps. What was this madness? What did Perry want to hear?

	Bill tried to fight back tears of frustration and panic. Pain ripped through his body in a nonstop cacophony of raw nerves and cutting metal edges. It was so hard to think!

	He struggled for words, struggled to make sense of it all. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Perry. It’s me! It’s Bill, for God’s sake! Why do you want to do this to me?”

	A smile crept across Perry’s face. He reached out for one of the knives that had Bill’s hands impaled on the wall. Bill’s body went rigid with white-hot tension.

	“Getting a little loud in here, don’t you think, Billy Boy?”

	“I’m sorry,” Bill said quickly, his hushed whisper filled with fear and pleading. “I’m sorry, it won’t happen again.”

	“Goddamned right it won’t, Billy old sport. If it does happen again, you’ll be dead before you can apologize. Your warnings are gone. You’re in Double Jeopardy now, where the points can really add up, so I’ll ask you just one more time: what are the Triangles becoming?”

	Bill’s mind spun wildly for an answer, anything that would keep him alive even a little bit longer. He had to come up with some bullshit and fast, but it was so hard to think, impossible to concentrate. Perry was going to kill him.

	“I...I don’t know, they didn’t tell me that.”

	“Like hell they didn’t,” Perry said, never losing his predatory stare. “You’ve got one more chance, Billy, and then I’m going to carve you up.”

	Bill scrambled for an answer, but he couldn’t make his mind focus past the pain, past the psychotic situation, past death that stared him in the face. What had Perry called him? The “informant?” Informant for what? For whom? What raving paranoid vision did Perry see through those bloodshot eyes?

	“Perry, I swear, they didn’t tell me!” He watched the rage flare up in

	Perry’s eyes. Bill kept talking, his voice a nasal, pleading, pitiful cry. “It’s not my fault they don’t tell me anything! They just told me to keep an eye on you, let them know what you were doing.”

	That reply seemed to strike a chord. Perry’s look changed, as if Bill’s words answered some important question, but he still looked far from placated.

	Bill continued, clutching to one faint glimmer of hope. “It’s not my job to know what the hell they turn into.”

	Perry nodded as if he accepted the story. “Okay, maybe you know and maybe you don’t,” he said. “Just tell me who you’re working for.”

	“I think you know that already,” Bill said quickly. He held his breath, waiting for a violent reaction. The salty tang of blood mingled in his mouth with the tangible taste of fear. The flicker of hope glowed a bit brighter as Perry nodded and smiled.

	Dizziness swept over Bill. The room seemed to spin. He couldn’t keep this up. “Perry, you’re out of control. You’re paranoid . . . you’re hallucinating . . .”

	A shiver rippled through Bill’s body. The apartment suddenly felt so cold, so icy cold. Black spots formed in front of his eyes, and another dizzy spell threw the room into crazy, unpredictable motion.

	The ratfucker was passing out again. Perry bitch-slapped him three times, three vicious lefts, each harder than the last. It felt so good to lash out like that. You can’t let people faint on you, not when you need information. All this pussy-ass narc needed was a little Dawseystyle discipline. You’ve got to have discipline.

	Bill blinked a few times, but his eyes were once again clear and lucid. Perry had hit so hard that his hand stung from the slaps. The right side of Bill’s face started to swell almost immediately, growing red and plump like a Ball Park frank.

    
